Our experience at Rancho Valencia was absolutely perfect from beginning to end!!!! We felt special and very happy during our stayed. I would come back in a heart beat!!!
	Amazing place. Everyone was extremely warm and welcoming. We've stayed at some top notch places and this is definitely in our top 2. Great for a romantic getaway or take the kids along as we did. Had a couple stuffed animals waiting for our girls upon arrival. Can't wait to go back.
	The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are large and nicely furnished. Feels new, as if we were the first to stay there. Actually it is more opulent than I require. The free breakfast was good with sufficient choices including fresh fruit salad, eggs, bacon, bagels and pastries and more. It was a great location for our purpose:... More
	Good: I loved the quirkiness and style of the hotel. The staff were so friendly and accommodating. The drinks at the bar were top notch and the price for the location was unbeatable. And the bed, the bed was perfect. I slept like a baby.
	Good: loved the room, decor and the plinko wall and their game room area
	Bad: Initially had a two double bedded room (later switched) and the beds in this room were too small and woefully uncomfortable. Mattresses were sub standard. However, were swiftly moved to much more comfortable king bedded room. Good: ber cool. Tech savvy property with atmospheric bar area and games room. Very accommodating, knowledgeable and friendly front front desk staff. King rooms are spacious and comfortable Location could not be better.
	Good: Great location. Staff was amazing
	Bad: Beds were uncomfortable. The hotel is a lot older than what it may seem in the pictures. Good: Modern decor.
	Bad: Staff were not particularly knowledgeable about the charges applied to the bill. Desk staff indifferent to customers.
	Bad: The property tries so hard to be trendy that it actually made it very difficult to stay as a family. There was only one pillow each, three towels for four people and a tightly restricted supply of coffee- only two, environmentally unfriendly, pods. The oddest part was there were no teaspoons, only stirrers and amazingly no kettle- and only two mugs for four people. We had to bother house keeping just to bring a kettle up to make tea (also not supplied). This hotel sells trendy box water for 8 which pretty much sums up how far off the mark this place is with practicalities. Trendy sure, but practical and sensible...no. Reminded me of of a start up thats well funded but just silly. Also the rooms air conditioning setting included jet engine or off so that was extremely uncomfortable. I wouldnt stay here again given they also have an odd naughty drawer and I needed to explain to my 7 year old what sex dust was. Extremely odd place to stay as a family. Good: I liked that the lobby was filled with fun games and a great bar which was very relaxed and welcoming.
	Bad: Would've loved a bit larger rooms. We ended up having to get a second room for our kids (older kids) since the suite was simply too tight for all of us. My husband said the mattress was about ready to be replaced. And we thought it was funny that there was a sign on the toiletries, saying that they would charge for these if taken home. But overall, we really had a great time and loved the environment. Good: Loved the staff - very friendly and helpful with good recommendations. We loved the attached restaurant for coffee and breakfast. The overall atmosphere was very cool and well done. And the location for us was great.
	Bad: One person a touch too familiar / jokey at reception when checking in and out, but not really a problem. She certainly wasn't rude. Some might think it adds character. Good: Central location, nice rooms, comfortable bed. We could shop happily in the Westfield Mall right next door and In Market Street / Union Square.
	Bad: Expensive. Adding tha taxes become heavy. Good: New age. Excellant service
	Good: Really quiet rooms due to perfect shielded windows. Never saw better ones in SF. Great play-ground with pool billiard, table-tennis .... Perfect located - near to Union Square (5 minutes walk) as well as to the Moscone Center.
	Bad: I was supposed to get a room with two beds and ended up with a room with one full bed for me and my husband.it was very small!.
	Bad: the personel. Good: the decor
	Good: Great location in SOMA, new property, friendly staff.
	Bad: N/a. Good: Modern and fabulous
	Bad: We had a deluxe double room which can accommodate up to 4 persons. We had three adults. The bed was a bit small for 2 persons and we couldn't add one more bed because of fire restriction. Good: I like the clean and simple design of the room. Beds are comfortable and the room is rather spacious. I also like the amenities. The location is also good - Bart station is round the corner and the shopping area is just next door.
	Bad: Did not like the fact that there was no restaurant on premises. Good: I love the rustic modern decor, the size of my room and bathroom. Also, front desk staff was very friendly.
	Bad: The location wise was little bit tricky since it's somewhat close to a dangerous area. Good: The atmosphere and the unique design , comfortable beds and good staff
	Bad: Rooms with connecting doors can be very noise due to poor noise control of these doors. Good: Great location, very friendly staff, great vibe
	Bad: Noise!!! in the room you can hear the noise from the corridor and from neighboring rooms.
	Bad: f b facilities not open. Good: everything
	Bad: Wifi system: needs upgrading, really slow Lobby bar, open till 11. Good: Central Location Hotel Design Room set up Friendly, professional staff throughout Good gym Good Bar and restaurant Play area
	Staff weren't helpful and no one tried to come and clean our room on several nights. Rooms were very small. Good location
	Good: Hotel staff very helpful and friendly, your service was commendable, area we were at had alot of shopping and food places close, very convenient .
	Good: Room was lovely with great linen towels etc! Great coffee n basics ! Fabulous location close to everything!
	Good: Everything , I travel the world since I was I child and I never see a hotel like zetta hotel, it's amazing.
	Bad: I booked this property for their GAME ROOM IT WAS CLOSED FOR A PRIVATE EVENT!!! That was very dissapointing because I was with teenagers that could not be in the bar area and needed something to do. I thought it was wrong to advertise a game room that is continously not available because of private party's. And I stayed on a Thursday I'm sure it's worse on the weekends. Good: The renovation looks great. The bar downstairs is great with late night food.
	Bad: Too expensive for simple facility. One day the shower did not work in the morning for 3 hours. Internet connection was terrible and not stable. Connecting to internet was difficult. Fitness facility too small. Good: big new room with good light
	Bad: small room. Good: Location
	Good: Activities for kids, pool and virtual reality Room size Coffee
	Bad: Ping pong table was broken (net) Sat. afternoon and packed away for a meeting Sat. night. Good: Personnel were friendly and attentive. We were able to check in several hours early.
	Good: Good location, comfortable bed
	Bad: Breakfast can be better. Good: Everthing is perfect!
	Bad: Cost of the valet. Good: Location to the garden
	Bad: Our AC was not working but they provided us with a portable fan, which helped. It was nice they provided water and snack bar was stocked with a variety of things. Good: Central to lots of sites and walking around is convenient
	Bad: The room smelled of spoiled food and there was hair from a drain left in the toilet when I arrived. Also mold on the grout in the shower. I would have asked to change rooms, but I was in a hurry to get to an appointment. Good: Location and exceptional staff. Especially the front desk and valet staff.
	Bad: The neighbourhood is a little seedy, but understand that is part of the city's charm!. Good: Enjoyed our stay at Zetta.
	Good: The staff were professional, friendly and eager to please. It was our anniversary and a lovely bottle of wine was waiting for us on arrival which was a really lovely touch. The Cavalier bar/restaurant is super and make sure you have Liam mix up one of his fabulous cocktails! Very central location but nice and quite hotel.
	Bad: The valet parking is more expensive than at other hotels. However, we were able to find parking around the corner for 30 less. Good: The staff were very friendly and helpful with questions regarding the best way to reach sites. The game room on the second floor was fantastic and not at all crowded which is what I had anticipated. The hotel photos are exactly what you see when you arrive (this is often not the case with other hotels I've stayed in).
	Bad: 1) Noisy A/C Unit 2) Lack of hooks in bathroom on which to hang towels (only one in the bathroom we had). Good: 1) Location, perfect for walking around city 2) Design excellent 3) Comfortable bed and room 4) Staff friendliness
	Bad: No breakfast option and it was pricy to park every day. But nothing major. Good: Very modern and trendy property with very clean and spacious rooms at the heart of San Francisco. We had fun in the games room and enjoyed a drink at the bar after a long day of walking
	Bad: Nothing. Good: Rooms were big and very clean, the smell of the room was awesome. The staff are very friendly and the location is perfect
	Bad: Nada. Good: Amenities, staff, decor, room
	Good: My kids loved the place with games, billar, virtual reality etc
	Bad: (Valet) parking is expensive. Room was a bit small. Good: Very pleasant experience. The room was good, clean and had a rich minibar. Very nice bar/restaurant/breakfast accomodation. Personell (we were helped by luckas) was extraordinary kind and helpful.
	Good: The games room was a blast
	Bad: The hotel just didn't quite match up to the pics we saw online. The room was quite dirty, a few hairs were on the one bathrobe that I guess we were suppose to share between two. No help with bags on arrival or departure. No complimentary water. Shower was not clean at all and light above it was out. Had to ask three times for it to be changed. Grout had gone silver and the actual tiles hadn't been properly cleaned in ages, you could tell by marks that appeared when it steamed up. Toilet was all yellowed around the seat rim. Splashes on wallpaper down back of toilet and across from toilet too. Toiletries provided in large bottles where the tops of the pumps had ingrained dirt. Horrible. Floor in room was covered in marks and the windows were filthy. It all smelt a bit stale too. Lighting is low I think to hide what's actually not very clean. Drawers were full of little bits of white dust and paper, clearly never been checked or cleaned. Ironing board was so bad you had to put two towels on it to avoids marks on clothing. We got an ok deal through booking.com but had we paid full rate I would've been really unhappy. Location just wasn't for us, right by Union square, we would've preferred somewhere more local but other people may like that. First room we were given had a great view of a... wall. :( Breakfast not provided yet no suggestions of where to go when there's an amazing diner a block away. Staff (apart from the girl who checked us in) weren't very helpful at all. Good: The bed was comfy
	Bad: Nothing to dislike. Good: Location and staff were excellent, hotel was clean and well presented
	Bad: It's a little pricey. Good: Staff are approachable and definitely very helpful!
	Good: Facilities were great. Bar and games/activity room. Good bar food also. Very comfortable, great staff.
	Bad: Beds are creaky, thin walls you can hear everything from the room next door and hallway. Housekeeping isnt consistent. Laundry delivery to the wrong room. Good: Location
	Bad: Not really anything to do with the hotel but we were only in San Fran for a few days and found we spent a lot of time travelling down to the pier for Alcatraz, cycling across the bridge etc. Buses take a long time (so do taxis though) and although walkable (about an hour) if you've only got limited time in the City you might want to think about staying nearer to the Piers or Financial District. Good: Great location for Union Square and surrounding area. Hotel was funky and rooms were HUGE. Great bonus after a long haul flight and when there are two friends sharing.
	Good: Excellent location. Staff very friendly. Bedroom very clean.
	Bad: The area around the hotel is a bit rough with the tenderloin being so close the streets around the hotel are not the nicest. You really have to get an uber or use public transport to get somewhere for a nice walk in the evening. The one positive on the location is that you are near to a transport hub so easy to get away from the area. Good: Hotel facilities were great. Breakfast at the restaurant was good and the bar served nice cocktails. Lots of games are bonus when waiting for people or something to do before bed. The hotel rooms are comfortable and spacious.
	Bad: Breakfast. Good: Central location, Efficient kind staff, Nice Lounge/bar area
	Good: Beautiful rooms and amenities - L'occitane products. The restaurant Finch great food and amazing bar. Loved the Boxer
	Bad: Valet parking was a little pricey.
	Bad: Drinks expensive at bar Rooms have a view of a wall Staff take a deposit and do not put back on your credit card. Good: Rooms were modern , staff friendlly , location great
	Good: Love the contemporary look with all of the art! Great location and friendly, helpful staff. It is walking distance to the San Francisco Museum of Art and to great shopping!
	Bad: Lighting in room. Good: Location staff
	Bad: The Wi-Fi works with a portal login, I had to log-in like 5 times each day for every device I was using, even if I hadn't left the room. Super annoying and I'd say enough reason for any business traveller to avoid an otherwise super nice hotel. Good: The hotel is super stylish, the room was perfect. The hotel feels new clean throughout. Nice atmosphere in the bar area.
	Bad: Appetizers at the bar could have been better. No view but we weren't looking for that. Hot tub would have been nice. Good: We got a great price though Booking.com at this awesome boutique hotel. Felt like we won the lottery. The decor in the lobby, bar and room was trendy. They have a game room with pool, shuffle board, ping pong, giant jenga, and a Wii. My boyfriend and I had it all to ourselves one night. We keep getting drinks from the bar and we had a blast. Didn't need to go out that night! We booked there because we wanted to be in walking distance of the Giants game at ATT park. Had a great time at the game even though Giants lost that one. We like the exercise room. They actually had more than just treadmills! We liked it because we like to lift weights and we were able to get a moderate workout. Book it!
	Good: Fun and comfortable hotel in great location
	Bad: The bed was too soft for me and for my frineds. Good: The staff, the hotel, the playarea
	Bad: My preference for a mattress is more on the harder side so my back was rather sore in the mornings after waking up. But it seems like most American hotels have rather soft beds so I am not sure if this is something that bothers other people or not.
	Good: The staff is above and beyond friendly, and it's not insincere. Just great personality. Upgraded our room for my gf's birthday, and a complimentary bottle of wine. Nice touch!
	Great location. Extremely comfortable bed and pillows. Wonderful friendly staff.
	Bad: Noisy.
	We had an absolutely delightful stay at the charming 1906 Lodge. It's hard to know where to begin describing all the positive aspects of staying there! Our room, The Plunge, was spacious and clean. Breakfast in the morning was a culinary treat. A cold buffet and hot entre were both available. We made use of the cruiser bikes and loved... More
	Home 2 not only has an excellent location (walking distance to the Convention Center, Reading Terminal Market, China Town, Liberty Bell and South Street.) but is the BEST hotel I have stayed in with-in the city itself. Rooms are very large and clean. The beds are comfortable. I love this place!Not only is this place modern but it's super clean, quiet. Full kitchen including a dishwasher. There is a pod coffee maker with tons of pods to choose from. Excellent coffee bar in lobby and a large breakfast buffet is included.I would definitely stay here again! A++!Dear AngelicVixen,I would like to thank you for choosing the Home2 Suites by Hilton Philadelphia for your recent stay. I appreciate all of your wonderful comments and I am glad you enjoyed your stay with us! With so many choices here in center city Philadelphia, we greatly appreciate your business and look forward to welcoming you back soon, until then...With Hospitality,Jason Bloom General ManagerHome2 Suites by HiltonYour Second Home Away From Home
	Overall miserable experience. Front desk was very unresponsive from start to finish at this Hilton location. Manager had a very confrontational attitude and certainly does not treat her guest like I am accustom at other higher end Hilton properties. She certainly makes it clear your word isn't good enough unless she can see the messed up room details for herself.... More
	Good location, nice breakfasts. Front desk customer service leaves a lot to be desired. The staff were pleasant sometimes and indifferent to rude at other times. Never received my room upgrade either.
	Great spot with kids and family. Would definitely stay here again. Clean rooms and friendly staff. Convenient to reading market. Nice to have breakfast included and hot coffee available all day. Kids loved the pool - although it was small.
	The hotel is ideally located in center city across the street from Reading Terminal market. They did a nice job modernizing this hotel. It is also very clean. Check in was great. I was in town for the night and booked a room last minute. I had 4 adults in one room and when I booked the only available option was 1 queen and 1 sofa bed in a room. I asked if they have any rooms available with 2 beds and they were able to accommodate me last minute which was great. Also at checkin they provided 2 cold bottles of water which was a nice touch. The room was very clean nice. The rooms have a full refrigerator, sink, microwave, dishwasher, coffee machine. The bathroom is simple, my room had a standing shower with a glass door. The pool was simple and on the smaller side. Parking like every other hotel is expensive and you will find better options searching on your phone to park yourself. The complimentary breakfast was solid, they offer waffles,yogurt, juice, prepackaged omlets and breakfast sandwiches that were very good. I have been to Philly many times over the years for Eagles games and stayed at 20+ hotels in the city and Home2 Suites would definitely be in my top 3. I highly recommend it!Dear Matthew,I would like to thank you for choosing the Home2 Suites by Hilton Philadelphia for your recent stay. I appreciate all of your wonderful comments and I am glad you enjoyed your stay with us! With so many choices here in center city Philadelphia, we greatly appreciate your business and look forward to welcoming you back soon, until then...With Hospitality,Jason Bloom General ManagerHome2 Suites by HiltonYour Second Home Away From Home
	Very clean and comfortable rooms. Kitchenette included in the room. All staff was friendly and helpful. Great lobby and an excellent breakfast. Wonderful location, right across from the Philadelphia convention center and Reading Market. The Southeast Pennsylvania Regional Transit Association rail terminal and train to the airport is next to the Reading Terminal. Easy walk to Independence Mall. Lots of shopping and eating nearby.
	I wish I could separate the room experience from the breakfast experience but I can't because having breakfast included was a huge part of why we chose this hotel. Not enough seating, not enough staff, and most importantly not enough food. Today is our third breakfast here and they have run out of food each day. Today they are out of milk and waiting for a delivery. We bought milk from the hotel store to put on cereal and then realized it was expired. Guests are lined up six or 7 deep waiting for the breakfast sandwiches to be replenished. As we sit here now, it has been 30 minutes and there is still no milk. That said, the room itself has been very pleasant. Just don't plan on eating breakfast here.
	Excellent customer service and very easy check in process. The rooms are spacious and beds are comfortable. The location is great for not only the convention center, but is a quick subway trip or walking distance to most of Philadelphia most famous attractions. And having the Reading Terminal Market directly across the street is a great added bonus. There are several very good dining choices very close by. The added security of having to use your room key to enter the hotel and use the elevator is a great feature. Overall, this was a great hotel stay and recommend using Home2 Suites. We will definitely look forward to staying here again .Dear saturn445,I would like to thank you for choosing the Home2 Suites by Hilton Philadelphia for your recent stay. I appreciate all of your great comments and I am glad you enjoyed your stay with us! With so many choices here in center city Philadelphia, we greatly appreciate your business and look forward to welcoming you back soon, until then...With Hospitality,Jason Bloom General ManagerHome2 Suites by HiltonYour Second Home Away From Home
	Good: The room was very comfortable, great for a couple. We had a wonderful time, it was very conveniently located to the TD Garden, which is where we were attending a concert. It was also very close to the North End and Faneuil hall, which is a great area to visit for food options that are very plentiful.
	We finished business outside Philly early and took a chance on a room at Home2. Friendly front desk had 3 of us checked in within minutes. Large, clean, well-appointed suite with comfy bed and enormous bathroom awaited us. Perfect location to walk to eat, shop, catch a train for other points within Philly or direct to airport. My flight was delayed and they provided me with a late check-out no problem. Plan to return with my family! Definite yes for anyone staying in Center City.
	This was my first stay at a Home2, and I was very pleased. The staff was excellent, the hotel clean and well-appointed, and breakfast was good and plentiful. The fitness center has sufficient equipment, but at least one machine did not work right and was not taken out of service/repaired during my week-long stay.
	We had a very good stay at this hotel. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good. I had been worried about the breakfast because I had seen some reviews that hated the warm up eggs and breakfast sandwiches but I thought they were just fine and there were a few other good options. The only thing that sucks about the warm up sandwiches is the waste it makes. Itd be nice if the wrappings were recyclable.The only negative thing I would say is that the rooms are showing a need for a deep clean. There is dirt accumulating in the corners and soap scum on the shower shelves. The room in general was clean but definitely showed signs of cleanliness neglect if that makes sense. Location is excellent for two reasons. 1) central to all of the attractions which makes everything super walkable and 2) right across the street from Reading Terminal which was awesome!
	Nice hotel with an excellent location. Large, modern rooms. Nice facilities and great internet connection. I remove one star because housekeeping service is on request only during the weekends. This is an obvious cost saving measure, but is a inconvenience for those only staying over a weekend. I hope Hilton reexamines this policy as it's really silly and no doubt... More
	Perfect location in the center of the city. Right across the strret from the market. And 5 min walk to take the Phlash bus loop around the city -RIDE ALL DAY 5 BUCKS PER PERSON. For craft beer lovers - 10 minute walk to Bru' on Chesnut Street with a HUGE tap line changes every day. Omar and Thomas at... More
	Stayed here twice in the past 2 weeks. Accessible room both times. First the bad - I called the hotel within 45 minutes of checking out - very early morning. I realized I had left my ring on the table next to the bed and asked if they could please check on it immediately. They promised to call me back - they never did. Due to my early checkout and my prompt call, I doubt the cleaning staff had even entered the room. So, I'm very unhappy about the ring - nothing overly expensive, but it did have some sentimental value.Accessible rooms themselves were much more adequate than most - we have a lot of experience in this area, and many accessible rooms are NOT truly accessible. For our second stay we were given a room that was on the top floor and the furthest room from the elevator. In an emergency, we would have never gotten out of that hotel. My husband is in a wheelchair. There is no way we would have made it down 9 flights of stairs, and trying to get 2 children and a manual wheelchair to the elevator was tiring and difficult. WHY don't hotels use a little common sense and realize that accessible rooms on LOWER floors would be more logical We were offered no assistance with luggage either stay.A huge plus for this hotel is that they are one of the very few hotels in Philadelphia that offer 2 Queen beds in a room. However, I was told by the front desk staff that none of the Queen rooms face the street. So, the windows in these rooms basically face other 'inside' rooms and offer very little light. The hotel is fairly new, so the rooms do not have the tired and worn appearance that many hotels in Philadelphia do.Location for this hotel is very good. Very close to Jefferson University Hospital, Chinatown, Magee Rehabilitation hospital, restaurants, city hall, etc. Breakfast leaves a lot to be desired, but then again, yogurt, cereal, juice, beats 40+ for a family breakfast at a restaurant each day. I would do away with the microwave items altogether though.Price was very good, location great. While they could have done better in several areas, we plan to stay again.
	Across from reading terminal. Very close to convention center. Parking next door. New rooms well decorated and very spacious. Large bathroom. I didn't eat breakfast however it looked great and had many optionsDear 650tanyad,I would like to thank you for choosing the Home2 Suites by Hilton Philadelphia for your recent stay. I appreciate all of your nice comments and I am glad you enjoyed your stay with us! With so many choices here in center city Philadelphia, we greatly appreciate your business and look forward to welcoming you back soon, until then...With Hospitality,Jason Bloom General ManagerHome2 Suites by HiltonYour Second Home Away From Home
	I would highly recommend staying at this hotel. The rooms are spacious and highly accommodating. The hotel is clean. The food market located directly across the street is very interesting and they have anything you could possibly be craving. The coffee downstairs is free with to-go cups and it's actually delicious.Dear barbieann12,I would like to thank you for choosing the Home2 Suites by Hilton Philadelphia for your recent stay. I appreciate all of your great comments and I am glad you enjoyed your stay with us! With so many choices here in center city Philadelphia, we greatly appreciate your business and look forward to welcoming you back soon, until then...With Hospitality,Jason Bloom General ManagerHome2 Suites by HiltonYour Second Home Away From Home
	Hotel was clean, lobby is great. Room was nice, good size, clean. Mattress on bed was not great but not terrible. Breakfast food could be improved and the staff at the breakfast bar not friendly or helpful. But this hotel is in an excellent location in Philadelphia, right across the street from the Reading Terminal Market and near the historic... More
	This hotel is in a great location, right in the heart of everything. Parking is 35/day but right next door. The hotel staff was extremely friendly. The check in/check out procedure was very fast. Complimentary breakfast was just okay. Rooms are nice. Didn't have a good experience with housekeeping in my bathroom.
	the breakfast at 17 bucks was a bit of disgrace. it is a particular building.
	Recently spent two nights at this hotel. Location is convenient to subway. Short walk to Penn Station. Many restaurants in the area. Not many amenities here. Everything seems well worn but clean. Staff pleasant and helpful. Not inexpensive.
	The hotel is situated in the perfect spot for all the attractions, and within walking distance of most of them. The hotel was clean and just right for what we wanted, nothing too flashy, not overly expensive and very clean. We had a great view and could see the top of the Empire State Building from our window. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful. The Subway was just around the corner and there were plenty of places to eat. Our stay at The Chelsea Savoy hotel was a happy one, we would definitely stay there again.
	Stayed here for a short stay in Chicago - easy for travel as it's no more than a five minute walk from Jackson Station on the blue line from the airport.The hotel is conveniently located for downtown locations - some such as Sears Tower are within easy walking distance while others are no more than a short cab ride or a hop on the blue or red line away.While not huge the room we had was clean, tidy and had everything we needed. The staff were friendly and helpful.My only minor moan would be that we made the booking well in advance and the room rate seemed to be a good bit higher than that quoted on-line by the hotel just before we left.
	This is a good place to go if you're just there for a night and you've spent all your money on Hamilton tickets. It's very close to the theater and was the price was nice compared to other hotels nearby. Very kind of them to have water bottles and water stations by the elevators.Dear ifitsnotbaraqueNice to read that we were there to help you enjoy Hamilton. We always have great deals and complimentary amenities leaving more to be spent on enjoying this great cityCome see us again soonKind regardsPAul TiernanHotel Manager
	Rooms are a bit small but you are in Chicago and don't spend much time in the room. Everything was very clean. Location was excellent. Close to restaurants and attractions. Pillows were wonderful. Fresh water and bottles available on each floor. Coffee and snacks in lounge morning and evening
	This is a good hotel for business purposes. The wi fi signal is good and it is very close to the federal reserve bank. A little too close to some of Chicago's high crime district for my taste, but we felt relatively safe. Convenient to restaurants, and decent breakfast. A solid business option.Dear Samantha HThank you for your review.I would like to reassure you that The Central Loop area of Chicago which is, as you know, also the Financial District of the City is not near any major crime area. The area is safe and very well patrolled by the Chicago Police so please do not have any concerns.I am glad you had a good stay with us and look forward to you return.Kind regardsPaul Tiernan - Hotel Manager
	Well, they did it again. After a stay at this hotel back in August and the absolutely fabulous service from Erin Loughlin, I kept my promise of never staying anywhere else when I visit Chicago. And, because I love the great city of Chicago, I had to go back. This time, I had no question where my lodging would be as I trekked to and fro across the city streets. I LOVE the personal service. I have told so many people about my great experiences and I hope they choose to patronize this great hotel, too. Like Arnold Schwarzenegger said, I'll be back!
	The Central Loop Hotel is in the middle of the hustle bustle of downtown Chicago. They offer a lovely sitting room for visitors to enjoy a cup of coffee and visit with other travelors which we found a plus while using Chicago as a central meeting place for an annual get together with my husbands family. The hotel is very clean and the staff excellent, working to make your vist the best it can be. The restaurant in the hotel had good food with great coffee making it a good choice for a convenient breakfast. The rooms are average, but very clean, although we found them a bit stingy with linnens offering just one towel per person. The best part of this hotel is the location making it within walking distance of the museums and shopping. I highly recommend this hotel if you are ok with staying in a busy, central location.
	This hotel is barebones, ugly, and has zero amenities. The people were nice, it was clean, and the location is decent for someone who has business in the Loop. However, there are multiple other hotels right nearby that are much better.
	I went to Chicago last weekend for the Ryder Cup (Golf Tournament) and everywhere I usually stay was completely booked! Rooms were going for crazy rates, so I started seeking out some options that were 'off the beaten path'. I discovered the Central Loop Hotel, and I knew where it was, as I used to walk by it from time to time when I still lived in Chicago.The hotel is very well kept, and has cheap valet (34/night with in-and-out access!). THe check in process was a little strange to me because you check in using a machine like you would at the airport. Some people might love this - but i missed talking to a real person. The machine printed my room info and key card and I headed up to my 6th floor corner room.This room was perfect for my needs. Very comfortable bed, sparkling white linens, beautiful widows that overlooked some fantastic Chicago architecture (post office). But - this room was TINY! Again, it was just me and I knew I would only be spending time in my room sleeping, but the bathroom was very small (no tub, shower only) and the closet was tiny. Almost felt like a ship's quarters. If you are going as a couple, or even attempting to bring kids I would def. upgrade to a larger room or suite. The rooms have free wifi (yeah!), lots of cable channels, free in room coffee and a friendly concierge staff. Free bottled water stations on each floor are also a nice touch.I will stay here again if I'm traveling alone.
	Bad: We had booked 2 rooms for our 3 night Boston trip - King Room for us and a Double Double (ie with 2 double beds) for our teenagers. I booked this in December for our July visit. I emailed twice before arrival to request that the rooms were close by (on the same floor) and both times got no reply - and that should have alerted me and to be honest sums up 'Boxer Customer Service'. On arrival we were told that there were no rooms available with 2 beds, the guy on reception seemed clueless how to help us. Our teenagers were supposedly 'upgraded' to a suite where my son had to sleep on a sofa / pull out bed (or share a King size bed with his sister). Totally unacceptable - I booked these rooms 6 months in advance. All in all we had interactions with 4 different staff members (including someone from Accounts who had to process a compensation refund) and at no time did either my wife nor I feel like the Customer . . . . you know the kind The PAYING Customer! So in terms of Comfort score - low because my son was on a sofa bed for 3 nights. In terms of Value for Money - low 1800 and my 16 year old son gets a sofa bed In terms of Staff score - low because they are in serious need of some Customer Service training. Good: The Boxer in Boston SHOULD be a fantastic hotel - it's a great building, location is excellent (we were able to explore everything that Boston has to offer from there), rooms are a good size but overall our stay was not as good as it should have been. Came away from our 3 night stay (planned and booked 6 months earlier) just feeling like we had been let down . . . .
	The hotel has an excellent location, close to several tourist attractions such as Millennium Park and The Art Institute of Chicago. The staff is really friendly! We got a check in two hours in advance.Bedroom is clean and has a good size. We asked for an extra bed and it was put in the bedroom quickly. The restroom is also good. Not fancy but comfortable and clean.There's no breakfast included, which is not a good point, but there are several restaurants nearby (Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts and others). The hotel is also close to several train stations.Wifi works well in the bedroom. The fees are not so cheap, but for that location all hotels use to be expensive, so I'd say this one offers a good cost-benefit ratio.In general it was a good experience and I'd stay there again in the future.Dear Camila LThank you very much for the review of your recent stay with us at The Central Loop HotelI am delighted that we were able to offer you good value for money and you were able to enjoy all the amenities that we offer and appreciated our great location from which to get out and see the city.I was especially delighted to read about the service we offered you - we know that these small things make all the difference. We hope we can look after you again very soon.Kind regardsPaul Tiernan - Hotel Manager
	I found this trip on this site and I'm glad I did, it was a great choice. The rooms are smallish but comfortable, and since the trip was a Conference, I wasn't going to be here much anyway.Complimentary wireless access makes this an even better deal. The restaurant is OK but not great (room service through them was very unfriendly), but they have a Starbucks next door for breakfast as well. Conveniently located.
	I had a room on the 9th floor. Supposed to be a small room but in reality was very adequate with a king size bed. Comfortable, and total paid on booking.com was 88! I was walking distance to the Southshore train which I used to travel from Michigan City, Indiana. I arrived early, 10:45am, and I had planned to ask them to just hold my overnight bag, but they said my room was ready so I was checked in by 11 am! Wow! Every staff member was very helpful, and I enjoyed dinner at the Elephant and Castle restaurant affiliated with the hotel. Excellent food and beverage.
	Overall I enjoyed my stay in this hotel. The staff were very courteous and helpful at all times. I had to ask to be moved after my first night - my original room smelled very musty - I thought it was cigarette smoke even though it was a non-smoking hotel. They promptly moved me the following day to a much nicer room on the 10th floor. I must say though, I thought it was a bit inappropriate that, on the morning when I was moved, one male member of staff (at least I thought) was very condescending to another staff member in front of me - insisting several times that she call housekeeping to clean my previous room straight away (he could've waited until I wasn't standing there) as she had her hands full trying to move me to a different room. Aside from that though - all of the other members of staff were first class. The furniture was a bit dated as well, however for a budget(ish) hotel, it was more than adequate. Good water pressure too in the shower.
	The Central Loop Hotel was in a super convenient location for walking to the Art Institute, restaurants, and shopping on State Street. I arrived by train, and it was just a couple of blocks walk to the hotel. The manager and front desk staff were very helpful and nice. The room was pretty basic, but clean and neat. Felt safe and secure. The only downside was the hotel practice of placing a deposit on my credit card for any incidental charges. I really don't like that practice. I noticed that I was not the only one, another hotel guest was complaining about it at the front counter while I was there. My hotel charges were paid in advance as a birthday gift from a family member, so I thought I was all taken care of, and then found out that I had to give them my credit card just in case there were any charges in addition. Of course there weren't any additional charges when I checked out. I just don't like having to do something like this.
	This hotel is close to the Willis tower and millennium park. If your happy to walk navy pier is about 30 mins away. This hotel is on Adams street which is also the start of route 66. The hotel itself is clean comfortable and the staff are friendly. The room was cleaned daily and extra pillows were provided on request. There is free washing and ironing facilities along with chilled water and ice machines located on each floor. Our room had a fridge and microwave and basic kitchen supplies. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.Dear Louise RIt was great to read that you would stay with us again - what better compliment could you offer !Glad that you enjoyed the many complimentary amenities that we offer and the secret is always to ask if you need anything - we are there to look after you and will do anything to make sure your stay is comfortable and enjoyable .Kind regardsPaul Tiernan - Hotel MAnager
	Granted the rooms in this hotel are not enormous but the high standard of service and spotlessly clean rooms make up for it. The location was perfect and the huge lounge area filled with computers that actually work was a great access. The front desk staff were charming living up to the reputation of customer service. The other great asset was the fact there was door located between the hotel and the restaurant next door. It rained one night during our stay so we were happy to take advantage of the restaurant which incidentally became our choice of breakfast venue as well.Dear JulieThank you so much for so many kind comments and observations.I am delighted that you had such an enjoyable stay with us and were well looked after. I am glad that you also enjoyed the Elephant Castle restaurant, it offers great value for money, service and very convenient opening hours - especially for the night owls. Come see us again soon.RegardsPAul TiernanHotel Manager
	The price was right and the location can't be beat. The hotel lobby and room were spotless and the staff could not have been more helpful. The gym was also very clean and the equipment was state of the art. Will definitely become a repeat customer at this hotel. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that the sink leaked onto the floor creating a very minor nuisance. Highly recommended, though!
	As a visitor from the UK I was given all the help possible to enable me to get around the city in the short time that I had available. The rooms were all that I could have wished for. I arrived before check in time but that was no problemDear jameswZ268okbI am glad that we were there to help you enjoy this great city. I am also delighted that you enjoyed our rooms.Please do come back and see us again - this city still has lots more to seeRegardsPAul TiernanHotel Manager
	I headed to Chicago to celebrate with friends all of our September birthdays and the Central Loop Hotel was amazing. Great location, great service and so comfortable and clean. I would describe it as a New York style room - small but certainly roomy. The beds were amazing, the pillows so soft and fluffy and my entire experience (3 days) was great. The staff was incredibly helpful and found me a room that was ready for an early check-in. I really liked that on each floor at the elevators they had a purified water station and empty, sealed water bottles for the guests use. What a great idea. The attached Elephant Castle was a great spot for a cocktail or breakfast.
	Very friendly staff, great free breakfast items each morning, room and facilities very clean, staff superb! We had a problem with the heating system in our room and they had someone fix it within minutes! Would highly recommend this location/hotel.
	Bad: poor room comfort no room for clothes very old bath accesories high price.
	Good location, it's close to museums that I love. Rooms are clean, comfortable, and appealing, moderate size. There's cold water to refill your water bottle. The price is affordable. I felt as if it was a safe area and I had no worries or concerns about the location. I enjoyed the next door restaurant. It's an easy breakfast location.Since I was staying by myself, I would have enjoyed a movie channel to buy from but I never found it.Good coffee for the morning.Dear MarjieThank you for your review and I am so glad that we succeeded in looking after you on many area's. I have passed on your comments to our housekeeping department as we all know that providing a clean room is essential and it is something we all take great pride in.When you are next in Chicago, we would be delighted to look after you again.Kind regardsPaul Tiernan - Hotel Manager
	My boyfriend and I were taking a road trip to Las Vegas (starting in MI), and we planned to stop in Chicago for a night. I found this hotel online and after seeing the location as well as the price, I was sold. When we arrived, the valet personnel were extremely helpful. They gave us a map to where we could self-park if we weren't interested in using valet, which was only about 2 blocks away. While he parked, I had someone assist me with our bags. They were quick and very friendly, telling me all the things we should do during our short stay. When I got to the room, everything was nice and clean, and though previous reviews say that the room is too small, I found that it was just what we needed for a night. The bed was comfortable, there was enough room to put our multiple bags/suitcases. The bathroom was very clean and the shower had a hand-held shower head, which was nice. We were visiting family that evening, so we wanted to bring a dessert to them. We asked (who I believe was) the manager there where the nicest/closest bakery was, and he told us about Magnolias. The desserts were incredible, a very good recommendation. The next morning, we ordered room service for breakfast from the restaurant downstairs because we were too comfy to even get out of bed. The food was brought up very quickly and was not too expensive at all, plus it was delicious. The only downside to the stay was that you have to pay for parking once again if you choose to leave and come back. However, everything else was great. There is a Starbucks right next door as well as several shopping stores within walking distance. The hotel staff that we had the pleasure of interacting with were all very kind and helpful. We will definitely be coming back for our next trip to Chicago.
	The hotel was average but the price and location was very good the Hotel was very old like 90is the staff was helpful if u want to go to attend any show at convention centre then u are at right place its also near to strip only waking distance
	This place is an average hotel. No casino, no room service, no glitz or glam. BUT it has clean rooms, clean pool w/free cabanas, a small nice restaurant, and nice staff. Location is next the Wynn and Encore close by Circus Circus. Across the street from a 24hr Walgreens and Dennys. I wouldnt call it a family place but its not bad for families. Some young and old partiers but not overly loud or obnoxious. If youre looking to go and dont need the pricey amenities then this place is right. It could use some updating but we werent in the room staring at the walls.
	Well, the grounds are well kept. pool was clean, and this was our third stay. Beds are ok, and the rooms served their purpose. Large tiled floors with some recycled furnishings from a popular strip hotel. It really wasnt a bad room. cheaper here for a week than 1 night on the strip. Bonus.. 8 feet to your room.. vs 1/2 mile on the strip!!! Not bad att all for a refirbished 1950's hotel, not too bad at all. Save your self the resort fees, stay here and eat you way around Vegas!!
	I would like to thank Guest Service Manager Rena for making my stay special. I had a very nice talk with her about her career at Marriott. She was quick to let me know how proud she is of her staff. She should be, they are wonderful. From the time I checked in, her entire staff made me feel welcome and very comfortable. Emily in the restaurant suggested a couple of her go to specials, and she was right on. Delicious!! The hotel was in immaculate condition. The rooms are large and very quiet. Sleeping on the road can be difficult. No problem here. I slept like a baby. Thank you again Rena.....I highly recommend this hotel for business travel, and family travel for all occasions.Hi Tom,Thank you so much for your outstanding review! Rena is well respected for her outstanding customer service and I'll be sure she is aware that you mentioned her in your review. I'm very happy that you were able to enjoy our in house restaurant, Palettes, and found the food to be delicious. I will also be sure to let Housekeeping know how happy you were with your room cleanliness and the clean public space. We work hard to ensure all our guests' stay is as pleasurable as yours was.We look forward to being of service to you once again when you return to Las Vegas!Safe Travels,
	Nice staff, room almost too small to turn around in. Kind of dirty feeling, bed should've been replaced five years ago. Can hear every noise next door and in the hall.
	Overall great stay, rooms are small but cozy ... great fire place near bar to sit and drink wine. Staff was good except this one lady (I may go to extent of calling her border line racist), the reason: we were travelling to Lake Tahoe and asked hotel staff that can we leave our extra luggage at our check out and pick it up once we are back, we were told yes we can but on the day we were leaving she told us they will not, we told her that you guys said you can ... so what has changed to that she did not have any answer. It was a very bad experience and significantly delayed our travel to Lake Tahoe while trying to figure out what to do with extra luggage.
	The best western plus is located 10 minutes away from downtown Napa. It is located on Soscal Avenue that connects you to many of the top Yelp eateries. The hotel itself is what we have come to expect from the Best Western Brand. Clean and comfortable rooms, but nothing extravagant. There is a short swimming pool (8 yards) and a hot tub with jets. The property was quiet and had ample parking. There is a Denny's around the corner and that didnt bother me like other reviewers. The only trace is that you can smell sausage and pancakes from the parking lot. They do offer a free full breakfast with coffee. Overall I would recommend this hotel if you are afraid of the bed and breakfast scene like I am. Thank you for your review and recommendation. Our rewards members receive a free breakfast in the attached Denny's and most of our reviewers rate it above average as a Best Western Breakfast.. We are glad you enjoyed your free breakfast and stay with us and we hope to see you again in the near future.
	Close to the river with shops and restaurants. Uber/taxi over and enjoy yourself for the night. They used to have a great full breakfast included but now it costs 16-bummer. Staff is helpful and polite. You are 10 minutes to downtown Napa.
	Good: The whole 5 day experience at the hotel was superb- the room,staff and location were all perfect- thank you The Boxer second time staying with you and all requirements were met.
	We arrived around noon and check-in was not until 4 pm and they gave us room immediately. The room was very large and clean with a balcony. All the staff were friendly and helpful. I am a member of the Gold Crown Club for Best Western and I have been very pleased with the hotels and the prices. Nice to have a Denny's on the property also. I would definately stay there again if ever in the area.We are glad we were able to check you in early. We apprieciate you being a Rewards Member! Membership has its perks. As you know early check ins, late check outs and even free room upgrades when available. We have also just started a full free hot breakfast in the newly remodeled Denny's on our property. Hope to see you on your 2nd trip to Napa.
	This is not a super luxurious hotel with expensive furniture and fancy rooms. But for what it is, a chain with the usual rooms and extras, it is everything one could ask for. We were checked in by a pleasant and helpful clerk. The room was clean and quiet with a microwave oven, refrigerator, a large TV, and free WiFi. We used the laundry and fitness room facilities which were modern and clean. One of us chose the standard breakfast (coffee or tea, two eggs, sausage or bacon, toast or hash browns), offered at the Denny's next door, which was free. The other got 5 toward one of the other breakfasts offered on the menu. Both were satisfactory. We would stay there again.Thank you for your review and we will see you on your next visit to Napa.
	Ill be back! Clean and comfortable, with staff that will go above and beyond to make your stay wonderful. We came here for the Napa to Sanoma Half Marathon, and we are quite pleased with our choice. We knew we would not be in the room much, so price was what we were looking for. The Napa Valley is not cheep! But I felt the prices here were reasonable. The convenience of the shuttle to the start of the race was also a selling point for us. We saw many people driving here that morning parking across street to get here in time for the shuttle. AND! right across the street was a nice shopping center with many shops and fast food. Well done Best Western... Well done!Thank you so much for your review. We are really pleased you enjoyed your stay and hope you come visit us again.
	Walked in to the room and was greeted by an overpowering stench of disinfectant. We opened all the windows but it took several days for the smell to disappear. Ceilings are extremely thin and so you hear anyone walking around upstairs well into the late hours of the night. Every morning, we found broken glass in the parking lot, probably from a late night patron of the breakfast joint next door. For 240 bucks per night, I would have expected far less problems. I shared these issues with the front desk and they said they would put us in an upstairs room on our next visit. This is obviously an old motel turned into a Best Western. We won't be back.Thank you for completing the survey regarding your recent stay at our property. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. We have always been a Best Western and have just gone through a 100 remodel of our property I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.
	Spent 3 nights at the BW Pluss Inn at the Vines, located just outside of downtown Napa. Perfect location for what we needed. Recommend using Uber for transportation, so easy and fast. It appeared that there was plenty of parking available in the downtown area, but we preferred to walk and enjoy.TwinCityGrl - Thank you for taking the time to review our property. We are conveniently only 1 mile from Downtown Napa, so a quick cab ride away and you're in the heart of everything. We hope you come and see us again soon.
	first trip to napa and chose hotel on location, price, parking, breakfast and free internet. older property but clean, safe, comfortable bed. internet worked well. at time of check in, they had special for breakfast at denny's next door if member of best western rewards or if willing to join. am member best western rewards and we took advantage of hot cooked to order breakfast at denny's. very good. convenient to downtown napa for restaurants and to wine trailAnita2412 - It sounds like you had a successful first trip to Napa. We are conveniently located close to everything Napa has to offer, just a little over a mile from Downtown Napa and it's famous restaurants wine bars as well as just a few minutes from the closest winery. We hope to see you again soon!Thank you, Genafer -Director of Sales
	Spotless room, comfortable bed, free wi fi, caring and efficient staff. Well located, near the downtown area, close to main highways and wineries. Plenty of parking, elevator to 2nd and third floors, Coffee and tea in room, Denny's restaurant next door.Stan, We are glad you had a great stay. Clean rooms, comfortable bed and great service is what we strive for. Come back and see as again.
	My family and I had a wonderful stay! great service and hospitality. We are looking forward to staying again!Thank you for choosing to stay with us and we look forward to seeing you on your next visit to Napa.
	This is the quietest, nice friendly hotel I've been in for years. Service is second to none. Clean, clean, clean. Perfect location for access to all Napa wineries. Lots of room, not cramped in as usual in hotels. Staff was so friendly and helpful, gladly helped with any questions. Will go back for sure, price is decent considering the area.Thank you for your review and we are glad you enjoyed your stay. We are here to make your stay as enjoyable as possible. We will see you the next time your in the area.
	We just stayed here one night on a birthday trip to Napa. My friend picked this place to stay and for the it was nice. A little more upgraded than most Best Westerns. Bed was comfy, sink area a little small but not a deal breaker. Had microwave and iron in room which I appreciate.They do give you a discount coupon for the attached Denny's Restaurant. Skip if you can, not really worth it.Next time I would stay closer to Napa itself but for a night, this place was just fine.Thank you for your review and we are glad you enjoyed your stay.
	The location
	We stayed at the Best Western Plus during our long weekend trip to Napa. It was perfectly fine for what we needed, a place to sleep after touring wineries! The room was very clean. We were on the second floor by the pool (not sure if all rooms face the pool) and it was good. Only had one instance where a group of loud girls were in the pool area and it was definitely loud in our room, but thankfully it didn't last long. Overall a quiet place. Got vouchers for Denny's next door, easy and fast breakfast before our days. I saw some reviews mentioning traffic due to the location, but it was always an easy in/out for us. Would definitely stay again if in the area, since it's a great place to rest after a busy day!
	The Best Western Inn at the Vines is conveniently located to the main entrance of the Napa Valley right near across the street walking distance to multiple places for shopping, entertainment, gas and dining. I had an easy relaxing time at this Hotel. The hotel staff were friendly informative and always helpful with my questions. The room was modern, clean and quiet. There was also a restaurant on site with a discount for hotel guests. I really enjoyed my stay and plan to return on my next trip to the Napa Valley.Shawn R - Thank you for your kind review. Our location is very conveniently located close to shopping, restaurants and the downtown area. We are thrilled your stay with us was so satisfying and look forward to seeing you again.
	The room was very clean, large room and had a nice decor. It was centrally located to various wineries, outlett, restaurants and downtown area. Based on our overall experience, we will definitely return to this hotel.It was a pleasure having you as our guest for your anniversary. We are glad you enjoyed your stay and will see you on your next visit.
	The reviews on this Best Western are all over the range of scores, but we all stayed at the same motel. Go figure! This is a basic services motel in an upscale county (Napa). Don't come here expecting frills and fancy decor. And what's wrong with eating breakfast at Dennys We used the coupons and our breakfast cost about 2 plus tip. If you are here to tour the wine country there are probably better places to stay. If you are just looking for a place in Napa to spend a night or two please give this place your consideration. We arrived here on our way to Sonoma County and needed a place to stay for 1 night. The Best Western suited our needs. Our room was clean and the furniture was in good shape. I can't speak to the ammenities since we just used the Best Western as a place to sleep, clean up and hit the road.
	Our stay was perfect. The room was immaculate and location was great.The people at the front desk were so accommodating and helpful.We arrived early and they got us a room before check in time.They gave helpful restaurant choices as well!!Hey Dianne! We are happy you enjoyed your stay! Please come back and see us again! Cheers!
	This Hotel was much better than expected after reading some of the negative reviews here. I was incredibly pleased with the room, the staff, and the location. The room was fairly modern with 2 perfect double beds. The bathroom and shower were perfect. The Hotel is a 5 minute drive to downtown Napa and about 10-15 minutes to the Silverado Trail. The hotel provided breakfast coupons to Denny's which is directly next door and was perfect for us - I had a healthy egg-white and fruit breakfast while my travel companions gorged themselves on Denny's Grand Slam. I would definitely return here for its cleanliness, staff, and proximity to everywhere I wanted to be.I am glad we surpassed your expectations. We pride ourselves on our clean well appointed rooms and our customer service. Thanks for the review and we will see you on your next visit.
	We stay at this hotel several times during the year while visiting family. Always have a peaceful and comfortable sleep. The bed is very comfortable and the breakfast items are a nice touch for a quick grab and go if you don't have time to go to the restaurant next door. There are many different restaurants nearby also. Usually the road noise is very minimal. Great choice for travelers, close to everything in the Napa Valley. Shirley A - Thank you for taking the time to write such a kind review. We do our best to make sure everyone's stay is as pleasant as yours was. We look forward to your next visit. Thank you - Genafer, Director of Sales
	this is an older hotel remodeled very nicely good value for the price especially around napa valley. clean and comfortable rooms good resturaunt attached. very accessable to downtown napa resturaunts and shoppingharoldr1 - Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We are pleased that you enjoyed your stay with us. I'm so glad our hotel meets all your needs and we hope you come back to see us again in the near future. Sincerely, Genafer, Director of Sales
	Convenient location on edge of Napa...rooms appeared to be recently renovated and were well appointed. Staff was extremely pleasant. Rates were competitive...free breakfast next door for BW Gold Crowne members.Rainier66 - Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We are pleased you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again in the future.
	The Best Western Inn at Napa was a very comfortable place to stay. The room was a very decent size and had good amenities. Parking was free and it was in a good location to be able to explore Napa, although admittedly not in the most picturesque part of the valley. A very solid choice if you want a slightly cheaper option and don't mind not staying in a farmhouse!Thank you for your review. We are glad you enjoyed your stay.
	Bad: Parking a little expensive.. Good: Close to TD Garden
	This hotel is not within walking distance of the downtown Napa restuarants and shops, but it is within walking distance of several chain restuarants, stores and a movie theater. It served us well since we had a car and spent most of the day exploring the vineyards. They offer cereal bars, juice and coffee in the morning and you receive a discount at the Dennys next door. We would stay here again, mainly because of the cost benefit.Gregory K - Thank you for the great review. We are thrilled you enjoyed your stay and please come see us again soon!
	I came in late after a long drive from Vegas ending in a whole lot of highway exits and concentration to get to Napa! I was greeted by a friendly night staff who was expecting me, and (not sure of his name) made me feel more relaxed immediately. I even got a little welcome pack with a snack and water. That was much appreciated!Breakfast was not included, fruit and granola bars were out in the lobby. A hotel discount was offered at the friendly Denny's next door. My room was quiet and all 3 of the morning staff were incredibly helpful the next morning helping me map out my day of driving, and helping me choose and book my next hotels. The hotel is a convienent location, not too far off the main highway. Near all services and malls if needed.We are glad you enjoyed your stay with us and look foward to seeing you on your next visit to the Napa Valley!
	Inn at the Vines is always a great stay in Napa Vallley. Good rooms and nice, friendly employees make this a wonderful stay. Great price/value! We dont use the free breakfast at Dennys but still nice that is included. Good location for visiting wine country.
	I love the Best Western Plus product. The rooms are always big and clean.This is my first visit to Napa, the area is beautiful. I picked this locating using my airline discount site which posted good reviews as well.The staff are very friendly and accommodating. We received a 3rd floor room above the lobby which afforded us a great view. Even though our balcony overlooked the road, we never heard any traffic noises. There is plenty of shopping and food options right across the street.We drove to downtown Napa and found plenty of great option for shopping and dining as well. I recommend going down there for good local flavor. I would discourage using your phone as your GPS to get around to various vineyards, we had two different maps going but kept losing our signal. Either bring your Garmen, etc. or ask the rental car agency for one just in case.Thank you for your detailed review and we are glad you enjoyed your stay.
	We were looking for a Saturday night stay. Most hotels require a 2-night minimum. Inn at the Vines would book a one night for a Queen bed, which was fine with us. AAA discount was 186. If you have a BW member then you get a free breakfast at Denny's which is next door. Hotel was refurbished about 1-year ago, so everything was clean and fresh. Only issue is the in-wall air conditioning units are too loud to run while sleeping.Great location and convenient to freeways.Thank you for your review! I am sorry about the noisey a/c unit and will have it checked out. Almost all units have been replaced and maybe we missed one somehow. Your sleep and comfort is our main goal and with a little fun on the side. Come back and let us show why we are BEST WESTERN!
	We've stayed at this hotel for the last 4 years to attend the Napa Valley Jazz Getaway. Always a good experience. Great stay, attentive staff and nice treat to have free breakfast at Denny's! Will stay there again.
	Great staff at this hotel. It's in a nice location too. The hotel is dated, but I very much enjoyed the breakfast at Denny's (ask for Ceci) as Best Western will give rewards members a free breakfast or 6.00 off another breakfast entree at Denneys. Bertha was fantastic as check in. She accommodated my special requests and took me to 3 rooms to let me decide as I told her I was super picky. Pierre and Michael and Darby were also super kind and helpful. Michael is very knowledgeable about wineries. Darby helped me with restaurants, and Pierre was also helpful and offered any additional assistance he could. Pierre had coffee made SUPER early which is great as I was up at 4 or 4:30 each day. It was nice he was there to greet me and there was decaf and coffee made early. They need to update the rooms, but the business center was nice with 2 computers and the exercise room and laundry facility was all right there too--super convenient. The price was high, but I guess all the prices are high at Napa. I'd recommend the location too. Thanks!
	I have a different opinion of Best Westerns after staying at this hotel. Very, very nice accommodations for the price. I would definitely go back again!We are glad we surprised you! Our newest surprises in store are a workout room, business center and guest laundry. We should have them up and running by your next visit to Napa. ps: sorry to ruin the surprise!
	We were a group of three couples in our fifties who were on a 10 day wine trip in Northern California. We spent three nights at the Best Western Inn at the Vines. It was clean, breakfast was convenient and the location was fine.The best part of the stay was the help we received from the front desk by Bridget. She was more than willing to answer questions, make suggestions for things to do, places to visit, and she offered restaurants choices.
	Very nice motel on busy intersection, but rooms are located toward back of property so noise not too bad. Interior corridor access restricted w/card lock opened w/room key so w/level of additional security for single woman. Has elevator to 2nd and 3rd floors. Room spotless, clean, everything in great condition. Newfangled heat/AC controls w/instructions (thank goodness!) worked well. Shower w/shower massage-very nice touch. Was very comfortable stay. Would definitely stay again.
	Fitness center small and not well equipped. Good location.
	The room was very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Great location, many vineyards are just 10-15min away (ask for vouchers for wine tasting at the reception). The hotel and the rooms are very basic but perfect for a short stay in Napa. Great value for the price you pay. I would defintely come back.Thank you for your review and we are glad you enjoyed your stay. We will see you again the next time in the area.
	My husband and I made our first trip to Napa recently and stayed at the Inn at the Vines hotel. We were greeted with a smile and the staff was very friendly. Genafer asked if this was our first visit to Napa and offered to gave us a few places they suggest we visit during our stay. Our room was quite and cozy and the beds were super comfortable for a hotel! Genafer and the other woman in the office were both very friendly and I plan on staying there again when I go back in October!Rhonda S - Thank you so much for taking the time to write such a nice review and we look forward to you and your husbands visit in October. Make sure to ask for me when you arrive and I will make sure to have more suggestions for you.
	Charged me for the night that didn't stay. I booked through Booking.com and kept telling me to contact Booking.com and they didn't take any responsibility. There are no confirmation emails or calls for my booking. 0 customer service.Myat Thu L - After reviewing your reservations. I show 2 rooms that were booked for arrival of 12/06/15 through a third party website. You should have received confirmation for these bookings through the third party you booked them through. Unfortunately, nobody showed up for arrival on 12/06, and the reservations were charged first night room and tax for a no show.
	Comfortable beds, nice pool and hot tub. Computer room very handy since I didn't bring a laptop or iphone. Good fitness center. Great bonus was a coupon for a free full breakfast at next door's Denny's.Thank you for your review and we are glad you enjoyed your stay!
	Gorgeous sheets and comfy beds, flat screen TV. The room was nice and quiet. Great location to visit key areas of Napa and very close to downtown . Staff was very friendly. The only thing we missed was a safe in our room. Reasonable prices for July.Thank you for your review. I am glad you enjoyed your stay. Come back and see us again.
	Best Western Plus Inn at the Vines is located perfectly in Napa Valley. Short distance to shops, downtown nightlife, and my favorite winery. They offered breakfast at Denny's which is a short walk from the hotel. The hotel landscape is eye catching, sort of romantic every time you drive into the parking lot. The amenities they offer are very nice, excellent fitness room, wiifi, and pool area.traveler2016now - Wow, thank you for taking the time to write such a glowing review, it sounds like you had a memorable visit to Napa and this makes me smile! We hope to offer you a stellar time next time you are in town.
	My husband and I recently stayed at the Best Western Plus Inn at the Vines on our trip to Napa. As soon as we arrived we were greeted by a very helpful front desk clerk who made sure we had everything we needed. The rooms we clean and very nice. Overall I'd give this hotel a 100 and I'd definitely come again!Ronda S,We are so glad you enjoyed your stay with us. Come back soon !
	This motel is in an excellent location at a reasonable price for the area. The room was very clean and had a refrigerator and microwave. It is about a five minute drive from the downtown area. If you are a Best Western Rewards member, the room charge includes a breakfast at Denny's, which is located on the same property. It is not the regular breakfast menu however, it has a variety of selections and we were happy with the amount of food provided.cinann - Thank you for taking the time to write this review. Our entire staff takes pride in our hotel and it shows inside and out. Our prices are very reasonable for the Napa Valley. Being just a few minutes from Downtown Napa and wineries in the area, you just can't beat that. Thank you for being a Best Western Rewards Member and we hope you visit us again soon. Genafer, Director of Sales
	We stayed here for 3 nights in September. We arrived early and in a bit of a rush to get ready for a wedding. The hotel staff was very helpful in getting our room ready early for us. It's always nice when a hotel goes a little extra to help out, great customer service! We stayed in a standard king size room, which was spacious with a couch/sitting area.The room was quiet, we never really heard any noise from outside or from neighbors. There isn't a breakfast option, but there is a Denny's attached to the hotel and they give you 6 off per person coupons to use each day.We went to wineries in St. Helena and Oakville, the travel times varied between 20-30 mins. We ate dinner in Napa and it was just a few minutes drive to plenty of places. Overall, based on the location, price and customer service, I would recommend this hotel.Jdiddy78 - Thank you for such a kind review. We strive on incredible customer service and do everything we can to make sure you are satisfied with your stay. I'm glad we could get you into your room early to get ready for the wedding you were attending and we hope next time you're in our area you will come and stay with us again. Cheers, Genafer, Director of Sales
	great place to stay in a beautiful area of the country..highly recommended as a place to stay while in the napa/san Francisco area/////Denny's on property and very good size room for three adults very clean, excellent staffThank you for your review and I am glad you enjoyed your stay!
	Bad: Nothing. Good: The hotel was simply excellent. The coolest hotel I have ever stayed!
	Great hotel! If you are going on the Winetrain in Napa, it is conveniently located 5 - 6 minutes away and is a very safe, clean and comfortable place to stay. Only problem we had was the shower water temperature was difficult to set and maintain! Hopefully they may be able to fix this minor problem!
	Great central location for exploring downtown Napa and the Napa Valley. Good access from HWY 29, HWY 12, and HWY 128. There are plenty of much more expensive choices in the Napa area, but saving a few on lodging allows for stretching for great local food and wine.Thank you for your review and I am glad we were a great place to stop on your visit to the Napa Valley. We aim to be the best value for your in Napa. Hope to see you again in the near future.
	Perfect location to begin your exploration of Napa wine country. Tom at the registration desk was wonderful, he could not have been nicer and more helpful. Our room was large and clean and had a refrigerator and microwave. Would absolute stay here again!!!Janly - Wow! Thank you for your kind review. I will make sure Tom sees it as well, he is pretty wonderful. We are so thrilled you enjoyed your stay and we can't wait to see you again. Genafer, Director of Sales
	My first time staying at a Best Western Plus and I was pleasantly surprised. The employees here are great and genuinely nice people always willing to assist. The rooms were clean and well kept and nicely appointed. The bed was comfortable and the bathrooms spacious and clean. It was also very convenient to have a Denny's restaurant within the hotel. The location of this hotel is also very good and on a main road with many shops and dining options. This place is good for an affordable family trip without sacrificing on quality.Jorge,Thank you for the great review. We are always looking at being very competitively price and to give our guest the best accommodations for the price in Napa. We will see you on your next trip to Napa.
	The location was perfect -- easy to find and suited our needs for our activities while in town. Check-in was easy, people were nice, the room was clean. It's not fancy, but given the alternatives in Napa (very pricey), it suited our needs. (We had two rooms, and our relatives had a third.) There's no getting around that this is a Best Western, with Denny's as the anchor restaurant. Clean, no frills, convenient. No more, no less.Annhurst - I am pleased to hear that our hotel suited all your needs. We are thrilled you got everything you needed in your visit to Napa. Come visit us again soon.
	I paid over 190. The pictures looked nice but they were deceptive. The outside looks like a Motel 6. The rooms were nice on the inside with modern decor but the staff was extremely rude. I travel a lot, domestically and internationally. This was a very unique experience in the way I was treated upon arrival. I would not recommend this hotel. I should have either stayed at a bargain hotel or went for it and spent the 400 to stay at a nice place downtown.Melissa R - Please let me start by apologizing to you for your disappointing stay. Our practice is to make sure all our guests feel warm welcome. I would very much like to speak with you, so that I may get more details regarding your experience. I can be reached directly at 707-257-1930. ext 150. Thank you, Genafer Vattuone
	My 93 year old mother and caregiver were evacuated due to the fires. This Best Western made every accommodation to make them welcome and comfortable. They did NOT jack the rates up knowing there would be hundreds of people looking for a place to stay. They did NOT charge extra for leaving sooner than expected. They behaved as compassionately as possible.
	The location of this place was very centrally located to everywhere we wanted to go. We went to Napa to view the wineries and take a bike ride through the vinyards and then to San Francisco and off to Sonoma. Great location.We are so thrilled you had a great time in Napa. Please come see us again.
	I coordinated a group of 23 visiting Napa during the grape harvest in October, and we booked the entire group into the Best Western Plus Inn at the Vines. First, let me say if youre a snob and really into posh places with fancy marble lobby floors, fluffy robes on the hook, perky concierge behind a big desk, etc. this may not be for you. But if you like to get real value, service and comfortable accommodations for a modest price, you cannot beat the Inn at the Vines. It is family owned and operated (several generations), and the service and sense of community are notable in this day and age. The place has been updated and has all the features you need..clean well furnished rooms, flat screens, very comfortable beds (we had king bed rooms), great towels, and organic soaps. To some earlier reviews about highway noise: we found it minimal and no one in our group complained. Yes, I did hear the occasional truck early in the morning or California kid with a Flowmaster exhaust doing a jack-rabbit start from the intersectionagain it was not a problem. Ask for a room in the back of the hotel. Front Desk Manager Shanirra did an exceptional job booking our customized winery tour, restaurant reservations, and balloon rides. As our person on the ground in Napa she was in our corner every step of the way and played a large part of a successful three days in Napa! At the front desk Melody, Shawn and Bertha were always helpful, upbeat and service-minded. Complimentary hotel breakfasts are a joke at many hotels.not so at the Inn at the Vines. There is a Dennys on the property, and you get a legitimate complimentary hot breakfast at the restaurant not some dinky room off the lobby. Try eggs any way you want, bacon/sausage and pancakes/toast and coffee. You cant beat it unless you must have Eggs Benedict and mimosas. The owners are continuously making improvements to keep up with newer hotels. During out stay a fitness center and business center were under construction. Botom line: when visiting Napa in the future I will stay at the Inn at the Vines again. Our entire group was pleased.Ed,it was a pleasure meeting you and hosting your group for your stay in the Napa Valley. I enjoyed hearing your story of what happened at the Castle. Yes, Shanirra is a great employee who is always the first to try out new restaurants and tours. All of our employees keep up to date on all there is to do in the Valley. We are family run (4th generation), and as you saw, we take pride in our Hotel. I am glad your group enjoyed their stay and maybe we can make this an annual event.
	Great location in Napa, CA. Check in was very good. Nice breakfast at Denny's. Room very clean, everything in working order. Upgraded because of my Diamond status. I will stay here again!! Nice restaurants in the area, downtown area.Debra, we are glad you had an enjoyable stay. Thank you for being a Diamond member of Best Western Rewards, we appriciate it. Rewards has it's perks, free upgrades, hot breakfast at Dennys, early check in and late check out when available. Come back and see us again.
	I didn't like the size of the rooms, not as big as I thought they would be. I liked the central location to Downtown Boston.
	This hotel on the outskirts of Napa Valley provided an excellent base to tour this area. The staff were excellent and provided us with a lot of local information and recommendations for our specific requests. They provided us with a lot of options for our stay and were so friendly and informative. We would recommend this hotel purely on the standard of the reception staff.Dear 185robynp,Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. I'm so pleased you enjoyed our stay and our staff was able to help you with your plans around the valley. We hope to see you again soon. Cheers, Genafer
	VERY clean, comfortable place to stay located near downtown Napa. The grounds are nothing special, but there is a (very) small pool and jacuzzi, as well as a small fitness center. Clean, comfortable and conveniently located. If you plan to mostly be out and about in Napa, stay here. If you plan to spend your time lounging around the pool and grounds, pick someplace else. But you'll probably have to pay more.Thank you for your review and we are glad you enjoyed your stay.
	It is always the staff experience that provides to customers that's why I like staying at Best Western in Napa. They always do an extra mile and never forget to smile, even the housekeeping they are very polite and always with a smile when they greet you.Armandmariano C - Wow, thank you so much for such a kind review. I agree, the staff experience makes all the difference. Our staff here is stellar and I will make sure to share these kind words with all of them. We look forward to your next visit. Thank you again - Genafer, Director of Sales
	As it was both of our birthdays and anniversary weekend we asked for an upper floor roorm, quiet, away from the street, in the back. All of our requests were granted. We had a 3rd floor room with a balcony in the back over the pool. Also, the housekeeping staff had made swans out of the towels in shape of a heart which was on our bed. This went way above and beyond. Thank you Melody and All of the BW staff for making our stay memorable. We will definetly be back.Thank you for the High Five! Melody is a great asset to our Hotel and we are glad you enjoyed the swans and your stay. Hope to see you again soon!
	Overall I rate this hotel as average in some areas, and above in others. First the good: Price considering the Napa Valley location it was a good value, at check in we received our free breakfast coupons for Denny's adjacent to hotel. The location makes it easy to get downtown, or cross the bridge to Hwy 29. Staff at the hotel was very friendly and helpful, its like they get it be friendly to your guests and they will either return or recommend your hotel to others.Average in outside noise is noticeable, doors closing, street noise, people walking in rooms above you, showers in the morning...etc. Hotel is somewhat dated yet clean and pretty well cared for.I would stay here again.Thank you for staying with us. We are always working on upgrading our Hotel. We are in the process of adding a workout room, guest laundry and business center. Customer service is always number one with us and we will see you again on your next visit to the Napa.
	Spent a few days in Napa, and found this very clean and comfortable. A little distracted by road noise in the morning, weekdays, and not a huge fan of Denny's, the attached food venue. But really impressed by the cleanliness of the hotel, and friendliness of the staff.Thank you for your review and we hope to see you again.
	On a visit to San Francisco my husband and I decided to take a quick over night with friends to Napa and ended up at Inn at the Vines. The hotel is a little older but in pretty good shape. Our room was large and clean enough! The location for us was good. We enjoyed the breakfast in the morning.The poor girl checking us in was alone and pretty darn busy. She was great though!! We would certainly recommend the hotel for anyone staying a night or 2 in Napa!!Thank you for your review and compliments on our hotel.Come back and see us again.
	Clean hotel but the noise and vibrations from people walking outside to the bathroom fans in other rooms reverberated right through the bed. very poor insulation. Definitely not worth 140 a night. Napa city is highly over rated. If you are going for wine, then stay in the small towns up the valley like St Helena.Thank you for your review. I am sorry for any noise you encountered during your stay with us. I will look into the fan noise and get it replaced at once.
	When booking in this area we looked at both Sonoma and Napa. Sonoma is generally more expensive so we picked Napa, they are very close. We were glad that we picked Napa, it is a pretty and very manageable town and this hotel was very good. I thought that it might be a bit far out but it is not. Napa is very small and it is only a few minutes to drive to the central area where there are lots of great restaurants and shops. My husband walked it in the mornings. There are much pricier hotels than this one further out from the town centre.The room that we had was freshly reno'd and was large, clean and had a comfortable bed with nice linens. The only thing that we found a bit strange is what they call a balcony... it is an enclosure with a hole cut in it. We had a room looking out over the pool, but you can't see anything sitting on the balcony.The staff were very helpful and gave us great advice and suggestions each morning before we set out. The breakfast is at Denny's so you can get a big breakfast or get a something smaller and take the 5 credit.The pool and hot tub were small but nice at the end of the day. Would recommend this hotel.We are glad you had a Great Stay. Come back and stay with us on your next visit to Napa.
	The maids were very helpful room was excellent! Melinda at the front desk was terrific too! As I had stated I needed to check in earlier than 4pm mu room wasn't ready I had to wait an hour and a half.
	Good: Very quaint hotel, good location, great staff...amazing time!
	This place was a dud..Swimming pool was more like a bath tub... The view from the balcony was of a traffic light....Location is not bad, but not next door to vineyards...Worthy of no more than 75-90.Thank you for your review. We are always trying to lead in the best value in the Napa Valley. During the Harvest Season the demand is very high and we are inline with our competition and our average rate is one of the lowest in the valley. Tip: Best hotel rates are between November 11th and April 30th.
	Good location convenient to drives through the vineyard districts and excellent downtown restaurants. Relatively new, well maintained hotel with large, bright, attactive, spotless, comfortable rooms. We must praise the staff and are greatful for their good natured, spot-on advice. Shawn was on duty when we arrived. She gave us great advice for drives and restaurants (loved Ristorante Allegria) and she even went online to compile a list kid-friendly vineyards. We should also mention Shanirra who was on duty in the daytime. The breakfast included in the price of the room is served in the adjacent Denny's. Food was standard but service was a bit slow. To be fair, it was a very busy weekend. I do not hesitate to recommend this hotel to our friends and we will certainly stay there again. By the way, I think you can help hotels save money (and maybe get you a better price) by calling them direct rather than useing third party resellers. (like Priceline, Travelocity etc.)Thank you for your review. We strive to give the best customer service possible to make everyones experience enjoyable. Shawn and Shanirra are a great value to our staff and I am pleased they had the advise and information you needed. You are right either book direct or at Bestwestern.com for the best price. We will see you again the next time your in the area.
	We spent four days at this hotel and it was a good experience. We wanted to visit Napa Valley but many on the inns and hotels are very expensive. We certainly were not planning to spend much time at the hotel and just wanted something comfortable and convenient. It is located a 5 minute drive from downtown Napa and 10 minutes away from the Wine Train Station. There are many things nearby if you need stuff. There is a Dennys next to the hotel and a Target, Applebees, IHOP and many more fast food restaurants just across the road. Since we were traveling with kids it was good to have different options. The hotel is very basic but well-kept. The rooms are big and comfortable and so is the bathroom. There is a tiny pool and hot tub outside. The kids liked that. We enjoyed our experience there.We are very happy that you, our world travlers from China, enjoyed your stay with us. If you ever get back to Napa we look foward to being your home away from home again.
	This hotel had great staff. They promptly got us checked in, helped us with information on Napa Valley wineries. The room and bathroom were exceptionally clean. Bed was very comfortable. Free internet met our needs. Hotel breakfast was vouchers for the Denny's on hotel property. That was nice to have a full breakfast. Property was clean. Our room was quiet (202) with minimal noise from hallway or street. We were able to get good nights rests. Love the microwave and empty frig in the room. Room rate was high due to us being there during an event that this hotel was associated with. So the limited supply and high demand rates were in effect.Katrina,We are glad you enjoyed your stay and it is always good to hear that my staff gave exceptional service. Hope to see you again on your next visit to Napa.
	Hotels can be pricey in Napa especially at peak times. I was coming to BottleRock, America 's newest music festival and didn't want to drive home nightly. I booked this motel right away because I knew there would be a big demand for local accommodations. The Best Western is located at the edge of town. It is a healthy walk to town. For BottleRock a shuttle picked up guests right out front and carried them back after the show. The hotel rooms are clean and spacious with the amenities you would need, including a small refrigerator and microwave. The hotel has a pool and a Denny's is hooked to the building. The hotel gave out a coupon for breakfast at Denny's. The desk staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. This is a decent place to stay. Prices fluctuate so you have to check aroundThank you for your review and hope to see you before next years Bottle Rock!
	I wish tripadvisor had 1/2 stars for our use because I would have given this a 2 1/2...3 is too high. This was our first hotel of 8 different ones on our Napa/Pacific Coast vacation, so I have a lot to compare it to. I have many other reviews on this site and I try to be fair when reviewing any property we've sayed at.Having said that.....It was my first experience at a Best Western brand and if this is a plus property I would not want to stay at a non-plus one.I disagree with the person responding to all of the other reviews...this is not a good value or comparable value to other hotels in the area. Who are you comparing yourself with When comparing properties you need to look at the amenities of hotels in your price range. You are priced as high as other properties but those properties have better/more amenities or are closer to vineyards, therefore it's not a fair comparison. It's like comparing apples and oranges...both fruits but there are many different qualities. Now back to the property....Don't expect to see any vines even though the word is in the name. This is located on a very busy road surrounded by stores and restaurants. If that's what you're looking for, great book it, just be aware that there will be a lot of traffic noise and light polution.Cons....The pool's capacity is 8 people. That should tell you something about the size. I'd guess it's 8X10' (that's probably a generous estimate). In my opinion putting in a couple of extra hottubs instead of the tiny pool would have been more beneficial. The balcony we had was so closed in and dark. The solid front and sides don't allow you to see anything when sitting in the chairs, not that the view was great....we looked out over Denny's roof and a traffic light. Oh, Dennys. sigh.....went our first 2 mornings. Ordered the free entree of 2 eggs, 2 pancakes and 2 bacon or sausage. Getting a hot entree I guess is impossible, the food was cold to the touch. My husband faced the kitchen and saw the breakfasts sitting up on the counter for a long period of time before the waitress bothered to serve it. There were maybe 4 other parties in the restaurant at the time, not busy at all. The tea water was luke warm at best. Total waste of my time.Location...not your romantic getaway place by any means. About 20 to 25 minutes to the heart of Napa's wine country depending on traffic. In hinesight I would not have booked this hotel if not for the MANY( now suspicious in my mind)...reviews. I find it hard to believe that this many people think this hotel is the best. Really After spending 3 days in Napa and seeing many other hotels closer to the wineries, I question the validity of these raving reviews.Pros....Yes there are a few...I promised a fair review and that's what I deliver.Shower....best shower head of any hotel. In fact I'm looking for one for my own shower.Cleanliness....our room was very clean. Small in size in comparison to other hotels on our trip and just an armoire instead of a closet. Microwave, fridge and coffee pot was a nice convenience.Bed/pillows....very comfortable.So if you're looking for a clean place to sleep that's a bit overpriced than book this hotel. If you want to see vineyards from your balcony and sit by a nice pool...don't book this property. At most I would expect to pay under 100 a night for this property based on it's location and lack of amenities. All the renovations in the world don't matter to me if they're not available when I'm there. They need to charge accordingly.We paid 537 for Saturday, Sunday and Monday evenings. I now know we could have spent the same money and stayed at a better property. Oh well, live and learn.Thank you for your detailed review. First, we do compare our hotel to our competition by actually going to all the hotels in our class and looking at their rooms and overall condition of their property. Each hotel will have their pluses and minuses. We also shop prices on a daily basis and we make sure we are competitive in our market. We actually have all the prices of the hotels on the days you stayed and only one hotel was less than our price and its located 9 miles south of Napa, further away from the vineyards. On average you would have paid between 75 -200 more for your stay in a comparable hotel.All Best Westerns that have at least a 3 diamond recognition from AAA have the opportunity to be a PLUS property as long as they have a PIP( property Improvement Plan) in place. With the cost that runs in the hundreds of thousands of dollars it will take time for each property to complete. There is a time frame on completing this and we are well ahead of the deadlines. Our rates are similar to last years (before Plus) and we have added breakfast at Dennys and many more amenities. We never hide the fact that we have a small pool (12x 184). There are pool area pictures displayed on our website and other 3rd party sites. When a guest inquires about the pool we let them know that we have a small pool. We recommend other hotels if a guest are looking for a larger pool.As for reviews, all reviews are honest and we know that there will be a difference of opinions and as you can see we are rated in the middle of the hotels in Napa. We are a family run hotel and take pride in our hotel and are always looking at ways to improve. TripAdvisor is way too smart to let suspicious reviews slip through as it is their reputation and ours.Thank you for your compliments on the cleanliness of our rooms, (we are an ultra clean property) our shower heads and beds. The shower heads are by Delta and Ive actually seen them at Home Depot. The bed that was in your room is a Cheshire IV pillow top by Serta. Thank you again for your review.
	Great location for us with family. There is a really nice exercise room, laundry, pool and business office. Coffee and tea are in the room with a fridge. The staff are friendly. The rooms are clean and comfortable with a prepared breakfast which I prefer rather than the carb load at some Best Westerns.
	The good points: it's relatively inexpesive, it was clean, and the service was good. The bad: it's close to a heavily used road (think noise), and its not quaint or luxurious. The brochure claims that you get a complimentary Breakfast. But what they actually give you is 2.50 off your breakfast at Dennys. This basically covered the cost of our coffee. I don't think Dennys has a breakfast on the menu for 2.50.
	This was a nice Best Western. We were allowed to check in early. The free breakfast was the best of any hotel I have ever visited because we could choose items of the Denny's menu. There was ample parking with shopping and dining across the streetdavidsI8109CM - Thank you for the 5 Star review. It makes us so happy to that our guests have such a pleasant stay with us. We hope to see you again soon! - Cheers, Genafer
	We recently spent two nights at the Inn of the Vines Best Western Plus. The rooms were spacious, clean, and well appointed. The staff was extremely helpful and welcoming. We had reservations for the Wine Train and the hotel location was ideal- only about 1 1/2 miles away.
	Bad: We had breakfast on two days in the hotel. One day (Sunday) the service was great - the next day it was very poor. While the hotel is quite central, the choice of restaurants very close to the hotel is not good. Good: Front desk staff were friendly and happy to give advice etc. Nice hotel with funky rooms. Room we had was a bit noisy at night - can turn the fridge off but still noise from air con or something else.
	This hotel is a reasonably good place to stay if you want to visit the Napa Valley. Our room was clean and pleasant, the staff members we encountered were helpful and professional, and the price we paid for our room (during December of 2014) was reasonable. However, potential guests should be aware that, according to information we were given by a staff member, rates may be different during the summer.Thank you for your review. I am glad you enjoyed your stay and the service we provided. Yes the summer rates are higher, but we are still one of the most reasonably price hotels during that time of year. Hope to see you again.
	The room was so noisy we could hear every footstep from the people above, every toilet flush and every shower that they took. Winetasting in the courtyard was very loud and folks stayed after the winetasting drinking until the wee hours of the night . Staff was not willing to quiet them nor even leave the front desk to talk to them. Breakfast items in the morning were not replenished hot water was out replaced with warm water not useful at all . Rumors of free vouchers to Dennys never appeared .This was not a cheap property I do not feel I got my moneys worth I couldve stayed at a motel eight or six for equivalent valueOn behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future.
	We stayed here before a Saints game with kids. Pros: Location was perfect for this - room was clean and large and the kids loved the games in the bar. The bar staff was particularly helpful and friendly. Cons: the front desk is understaffed and really slow, both check-in and check-out. The breakfast area ran out of almost all items and closed early. The hotel screwed up our pre-arranged late checkout and locked us out, and then gave us the wrong key TWICE. Long story, but the whole mix up ended up costing us 45+ minutes.Well that's certainly not the experience we hope to provide. We will be sure to share your feedback with our front office to ensure this is not an ongoing issue. We do hope you give us another shot next season! WHODAT!!Dixie Krauss, Assistant General Manager
	We had a wonderful time. Aloft was beautiful. The staff helpful and friendly. The room was spacious and the amenities were very good. The beds were very comfortable. The location was really good for getting around the city.Doesn't get much better than that! Thank you for your kind words and we look forward to your next visit, Dixie Krauss, Assistant General Manager
	We always enjoy staying at Aloft locations. They are unique, clean, and our teenagers love them! The hotel staff are always helpful and friendly. The downside is that you have to walk a bit to get to the tourist areas, but it is located downtown.Thanks so much for your loyalty to the Aloft Brand. See you again soon, Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	The lobby was small, but modern. The valet and check in staff were great. We had a package that included breakfast. We ordered and put both orders on one slip (Why waste paper), but the hotel charged us for one breakfast because they were not written on TWO separate tickets. The food was not so great. Pre-cooked and microwaved. Not worth the money. The room was great, but we had a corner room. The waterpressure could have been better. Overall, not too bad. Not my first choice for a NOLA hotel, but would consider it again if I had to.Glad you had a great time overall here with us at Aloft NOLA. We appreciate your feedback and are always looking for ways to improve. Like most Aloft's, our breakfast options are grab and go items aimed at quick and convenient service. On a brighter note, those corner rooms are great and offer fantastic views on the Crescent City. We appreciate your business and look forward to having you back here with us again soon.Dixie Krauss, Operations Manager
	This was the first hotel we have ever stayed at that felt like you were sleeping inside of a walk-in closet the room had no window at all and was very claustrophobic we stayed in room 1701 and apparently from speaking to the front desk over 1/3 of the hotels rooms or exactly like this king room I feel that the hotel should forewarn you of these fax however they do not the staff was very friendly and accommodating the room was just not up to par like other Aloft hotels we have stayed at We do have 21 King rooms in the hotel that do not have a window and while they will run you the same price as our traditional kings, there is an option to choose this room. Be sure to check your confirmation when booking to ensure you've selected the correct room. We are thrilled to hear the staff was accommodating and we will be sure the front desk is confirming room types at check in.Thanks for your business, we hope you'll be back,Dixie Krauss, Assistant General Manager
	Last minute trip to enjoy Christmas break. Location was great for walking everywhere. Went to a football and basketball game. The hotel staff is amazing. Scott was helpful all weekend. The rest of the staff were friendly, outgoing, and very knowledgeable about the area.That's what we like to hear!! Scott will be thrilled to hear he made an impact. Thanks for staying and we hope to see you again soon. Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	Check in: employee was very pleasant . Check in process took long, although the front desk did the best she could. The issue was that she was all by herself and so many people were checking in.Rooms: excellent,clean and spacious. Bed was very comfortable. Amenities were excellent as well. I wish bathroom had better privacy and ventilation.Location : fantastic, close to all attractions.Restaurant : I didnot try, so I don't know.Overall: nice experience , will be back.Happy to hear your enjoyed your stay overall and will be back we look forward to it!! Sorry about the delay getting you checked in, while we do our best to schedule according to our needs we occasionally run into unexpected busy periods. We will be sure to keep that under our radar.See you again soon,Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	We was looking for a hotel that was nice but wasn't expensive and I found just that at the Aloft. I made a reservation and when I got there It went so smooth I was up to my room in less than 5mins and I had a preference to check in at 11:00am and it was granted with no extra charge. The room was very nice and clean and smelled good. The shower I LOVED and the full body mirror I couldn't stay out of. The staff was very nice and friendly. The hotel was quiet which I was hoping because I know they let animals stay there. Overall we really enjoyed our stay my boyfriend agreed this was one of the best hotels we ever stayed at.WOW!! We are delighted to hear that you enjoyed your stay and that we were able to provide a first in class experience for you both. We hope you'll be back soon,Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	Bad: This is really not a reflection on the hotel but the valet parking does take a long time to retrieve your car. They tell you to allow 30 minutes and you really need to do that. Good: Friendly staff. Clean rooms.
	Tried out Aloft for the ADA rooms. Pleasantly surprised spacious rooms updated features. We will look for the brand in our travels. The receptionist was very friendly and knowledgeable of the area. I was waiting for the concierge to give a breakfast recommendation and she was busy so the receptionist gave us a few with different styles and directions turned out great. Thank you Aloft for a great stayDelighted to hear of your stay with us and appreciate your feedback on our ADA rooms. We hope you will stay with us again in the future,Dixie Krauss, Assistant General Manager
	No need to infuse the air with that small/fragrance. Your other guests may like it, but I prefer natural air and so held my breath between the front door and the elevator.The room keepers can also be more gentle with closing the doors during their morning rounds, so as not to wake other rooms' occupants.Other than the above points, a good place to stay near French quarter.Truly thankful you enjoyed your stay and while we love the fresh air ourselves, that signature scent can be found around the world at all Aloft hotels. We appreciate the feedback regarding our housekeeping staff and will be sure to share with the department leader to help rectify that problem.Thank you again for your business and hope you'll be back soon,Dixie Krauss, Assistant General Manager
	This place is in the perfect location a short stroll to all the action on Bourbon st and surounding areas (just a pity Bourbon st was dug up during our stay) the hotel had everything we needed ....very comfortable bed....nice clean bathroom plenty of towels and coffee and a great tv There's always next time to see Bourbon in all of its glory, just means you've got to come visit us again. Thank you for staying and we appreciate your business. See you for round 2!!Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	My wife booked this hotel for our conference. The room was nice and service was great if we requested anything they were quick to help. We didn't use the pool as it was usually raining when we would have used it. It would be nice to have a restaurant in the hotel although there are several places to eat nearby. The front lobby is kinda cool. Beds were comfortable and we had a good sleep. We wish not all lights were on one switch.Just another reason for you to return nothing better than a rooftop pool on a sunny day!Thanks for staying,Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	I have to say I had a great stay,...The rooms were very nice and the staff was very helpful....What more can you askThe bar down stairs was nice to have so you did not need to go out if you really didn't want to. They are located within dozen of place for Uber Eats if your staying in. Awesome! Thank's so much for choosing Aloft NOLA for your needs, we hope you'll be back again soon,Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	Great vision combined with high energy ,pushing hospitality into a my first stay in this aloft brand . Rates were reasonable. Location was great. Clean room. Large shower . Comfortable bed. Pet friendly. Other than thin walls , was pleased with Staff, modern theme, large clean room and shower area. Great! We have converted another happy guest and we are so glad that you gave us the chance. Thanks for trying out Aloft New Orleans Downtown.
	The rooms were very nice and spacious! The workers were friendly and very calm even though it was a big event going on in the city. The rooms were very clean and comfy beds. I enjoyed my stay overall.Clean and comfy is music to our ears. Thanks for the great review and we hope you get back to Aloft New Orleans Downtown!
	This was our first time staying at Aloft. The hotel is very clean and secure. The bed was amazing and made it hard to go out and explore. Conveniently located blocks away from the french quarter. They also give you coupons if you choose not to have your room cleaned. The Make a Green Choice program is great, especially for those of us who don't prefer our room be cleaned anyway. Thanks for the kudos, see you next time!Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	Mandatory stay while in Nola...the hotel is Centrally located to restaurants, French quarter, garden district or warehouse district! They have bikes to be used to tour the city. The service was impeccable and there 24 hours. The bar area very nice-I travel here every two months...you must make the Aloft your hotel of choice when in Nola.Easy access to everything NOLA has to offer is key to a great stay and having the bike rental on site makes it that much easier. We are glad you got to take advantage of our central local and hope to see you in two months!
	I have stayed in some hotels in my time, but this was bad. If you want to experience an awful nights sleep, nasty ignorant staff, then this is for you. Southern hospitality it is not. I was not impressed with the layout of the room and the noise next door was horrendous.Thank you for taking time out of your day to share your comments about your recent stay with me. Please accept my sincere apologies for the difficulties and situations you encountered during your visit, I would like to find out a little bit more about the interaction with the staff so i can address approporately. Rest assured we will address each item with our team for immediate correction. It was disheartening that your first visit with us was disappointing.I truly would love to have the opportunity to have you back as our guest and show you our true service standards. Would you be willing to visit us again Please contact me directly at Dixie.Kraussaloftneworleansdowntown.com to discuss.
	Upon arriving I see modern yet elegant decor which is pleasing to the eye. The front staff are very friendly. The room was clean including details, I'm talking no dust,no hair in bathroom-shower or beds which I tend to find in other hotels. Kudos to housekeeping. Sheets were crisp,beds were comfortable especially since this is a newer hotel. Breakfast in... More
	Bad: Paying for parking. Good: Friendly and prompt service.
	They have great staff, pet friendly, rooms impecable, the coffee in the lobby really good and free, the lobby bar very enjoyable, perfect location, just the car parking should be more flexible and less expensive.We are thrilled to hear of your great experience! Ill be sure to share your feedback with our staff. Thanks for staying, we hope to see you in the future, Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	This property reminds me of being in northern europe. (esp. Sweden and Danmark) Very modern, few frills, and everything clean and useful. We did have our A/C unit go out, and they responded within minutes. When it happened the next day again....they just gave us a new room. Their problem-solving skills exceeded my expectations. A good team with a good system.Our staff will be thankful for your kind words while we hate you had an issue, we are glad we were able to correct that issue and you were able to enjoy the remainder of your stay. Thanks so much for staying and see you again next time!Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	Great location a block off canal and just outside French quarter, very nice rooms, spacious, not much privacy in bathroom space and somewhat see through shower glass pane into main room. Would be more ideal for couples then friends/family. Overall great atmosphere. Very happy, would book again.Thank you for taking the time to share your review of our hotel. We do have a bit of flare in the most of the bathrooms as you alluded but we certainly have rooms with a bit more modesty available, please be sure to note and request that when you book next time!See you soon,Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	Stayed here with a few friends for a weekend getaway. Nice bar/lounge in the lobby area with a decent sized commissary with snacks and drinks for sale. The rooms were nice and new. We watched some of the NCAA games in our room and the tv was a bit smaller than I would like but it was still a good picture. The location is probably the best part. Its about 3 blocks from Bourbon St which means its a short walk but far enough away not to be impacted by the noise. There still is some construction going on and the pool will not be completed until May, but overall, still a very solid stay.It's always great to hear that we have another satisfied guest! It seems to be a consensus that our location is key to having access to all that New Orleans has to offer yet far enough away to relax peacefully. Thanks, Kristi
	I stayed at Aloft while attending a convention. It fulfilled all I sought. A modern and well run newer hotel away from the citys congestion well suited for a business traveler. It is a 15 minute walk to the convention center or you can take a shuttle one block away. Easy walk to the French Quarter. The rooms are sufficient and contemporary. Housekeeping was spot on and ranks high for cleanliness. The rooms start on the 11th floor so you are well above street traffic. I would suggest as others have to request a corner room with windows to avoid the cruise ship interior cabin feeling if you need it. Nice bar with specials and the rooftop pool is relaxing. Special mention needs to be extended to the hotels outstanding front desk staff specifically, Lindsey and Mark (who also worked the bar). Friendly, savvy, hardworking, and patient- they belong in hotel hospitality and deserve recognition. Their inherent superior communication skills exceed standard service training programs. I happily recommend this lodging while in NOLA!Our staff will be elated to hear of your stay with us. From housekeeping to the front desk and even the bar, it sounds like you enjoyed all aspects of the hotel. We hope to be your hotel of choice when in the Big Easy.Cheers,Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	Modern looking hotel. Room lay out worked for smaller space. I thought is was weird that the door to the room opened directly into the bathroom. Didn't like that there was no self park, but I believe all hotels in downtown New Orleans have that.You'd be correct, most downtown NOLA properties are valet only. We understand Aloft isn't for everyone but truly appreciate you giving us a try. Thanks for staying! Yours in hospitality, Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	This hotel is just two block to Bourbon Street and close enough to walk alway to Cafe DuMonde. Safe area. Bed very comfortable and hotel perfectly clean and nice. I will stay here again every time I am in NOLA. LaQuinta rates for Sheraton level hotel. Great value at great prices, what a winner! Thanks so much for staying with us at Aloft New Orleans Downtown and taking the to post your review. Come back soon.
	Booked room on Concur, checked into room late, to my surprise the room had no (0) (zero) windows. An actual interior room. Not happy to learn this. Didn't see this in the booking. Not a happy camper...Sorry to hear of your disappointment with your room. We do realize those windowless rooms aren't for everyone. They are labeled when booking as Loft King Room but i'm not sure how your booking channel has that set up. If you would like, I'd be happy to take a look into that for you. We hope we have another opportunity to earn your business back please reach out to me directly at Dixie.Kraussaloftneworleansdowntown.com or 504-312-7715.I hope to hear from you soon,Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	Great location ten min walk to bourbon/French quarter! The place is modern and funny and very clean. The staff is super friendly l. Stacy was very helpful and loved her energy. She helped us book a last min trip for the city/cemetery tour. You can tell she really likes what she does. Love the southern accent! I would def recommend this place!! YAY Stacy!! I will be sure to share your kudos with her as well as our entire staff. Thanks for choosing ALOFT NOLA for your stay, we hope to see you again on your next visit.Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	I travel to New Orleans for business about once a month and have the privilege of staying in quite a few hotels in NOLA, but Aloft was a standout, even though is it located very close to most attractions, the staff left us with a bad taste in our mouths. At check in, we were helped by Jermal and it was the worst check in experience I've ever had (even at Motel 6 they at least make eye contact with you and answer your questions). Very cold and not friendly staff with the exception of the valet guys. They were very nice and professional. Once we got to our room, it was clean and spacious. I did not find anything wrong with it except the infamous bad water pressure in the shower and the fact that we only had 2 big towels (All hotels I've stayed at have had 4 big towels) We signed up for the SPG Green Choice at check in so the extra towels would had been nice and we actually never received the 5 vouchers for making the green choice. Aloft has a lot of potential because of their location. I am giving them another chance in late May, hopefully this time they listen to our requests and are more customer oriented.Thank you for staying with us this past week. I would like to apologize for your disappointment during your recent stay with us. I know we certainly have not met your expectations and we want so much to gain back your trust and loyalty. The feedback you provided will allow us to address specific information and in turn provide a superior service for our guests both now and in the future. It is unfortunate that you had a negative experience but we look forward to having you back here with us in May so we can show you how we have used your feedback and show you the hospitality our talent is truly made of!If I can do anything in the meantime, please contact me directly at Dixie.Kraussaloftneworleansdowntown.com.
	Good: Perfection - beautiful rooms, comfortable beds, great style. Centrally located for all the fun things in downtown Boston.
	Stayed for two nights in a corner room which was light and airy, very well designed in a clean modern style. Beds very comfortable, great blinds on the Windows, no fussy furniture! Bathroom worked well, nice big vanity unit and a hairdryer that plugged in easily next to the huge mirror, for anyone who likes to dry their hair you'll know what I'm talking about! Sliding mirrored door to shower/toilet all gave the feeling of space. The only slight niggle was the a/c which was a bit noisy, not enough to bother us though. Easy walk to many places, shops and attractions. Will definitely stay Aloft again!!Come on back anytime! It's good to know that you enjoyed your stay with us and glad you found the room and location to your liking. Thanks for taking the time to share.
	Great atmosphere and artiness. Staff was super friendly and helpful and the bar and game room made it really fun to have your friends together. The live music was a nice touch. Breakfast bar a little too snack fish on a NOLA hangover but we enjoyed the access, the accessibility and the easy to use atmosphere.So we will see you and your friends back year again for round 2 ) Thanks for sharing your experience with us and we hope to see you guys again next year.Dixie Krauss, Assistant General Manager
	Very clean modern hotel with a nice bar on the main floor. They even had a band playing one night. Room was a good size , my only complaint was there wasn't a mirror in the bedroom area , only by the bathroom. Great location, within walking distance of everywhere we needed to go to. The Livealoft program is a great free concert series at most aloft's, so happy you got to enjoy that bit of local flavor while here. Be sure to check for concerts in your area at your local aloft. Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	The title says it all. Felt it was well priced for a good location (walking distance to bourbon and Frenchmen), very spacious rooms which helps when traveling in groups. Good onsite breakfast options.Thanks so much for taking the time to share your feedback, we are thrilled to learn of your great experience. We hope we will be your go-to hotel in NOLA. See you next time, Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	Loved the convenience of staying in this CBD hotel which is so close to the French Quarter but without the price. Hotel is kinda minimalist but rooms were clean. Only reason four instead of five stars is the hallways and my room smelled kinda like a sweaty, bad-smelling locker room. I said something to the hotel and then the smell was gone. Thanks so much for your review. We are happy to hear we were able to resolve that issue you for you while here and hope youll be back again soon. Dixie Krauss, Assistant General Manager
	Located a couple of block from Canal Street in New Orleans, this hotel provided efficient and highly satisfactory service. The front staff is very helpful. The bed and pillows were VERY comfortable, more comfortable than in any other hotel I have stayed in. Once I had an almost equally comfortable bed in a Hilton, but this was tops. I would definitely return to this hotel chain.Wow! Thankful you've taken the time to share your great feedback with us and the Trip Advisor community. We have the Westin Heavenly Bed System, they do have some items for retail purchase in case you wanted to check those out. See you next time,Dixie Krauss, Assistant General Manager
	We chose Aloft because we were able to use our credit card points towards our stay and it was the closest and cheapest we could find the French Quarter. With that being said we are happy with our choice. When we first arrived we were greeted warmly by the front desk staff Jermal was great. We got to our room on the 12th floor and were happy with the amenities. The room was not as large as I would have thought, but it was comfortable and a non issue since we spent minimal time in the room. There was a coffee pot, a mini fridge, and lots of mirror space. Our view overlooked the Ritz Carlton and we were able to see their pool and patio area- pretty cool. The beds are comfortable and the towels didn't feel like sandpaper. They provide Bliss toiletries which was fine, however, I did not pack shampoo or conditioner and they offered a shampoo conditioner all-in-one which I did not care for (but my husband loved...). The vanity area has intense lighting good for makeup application!The lobby area is very nice and fun. They have a snack area for any cravings you have when you are there- premade salads sandwiches, candy, chips, fruit, yogurt, beer, juice, pop, etc. The lobby bar is very nice- good drinks and a fun environment. Lots of games and fun dcor. LaKisha (I hope I spelled that right!) was very friendly and did a great job. They do offer a pool table and computers/printer which came in handy to quickly print our boarding passes. The only issues we ran into was the room service for our room, they did the bare minimum in cleaning our room. The bed was always made, toiletries and towels were always replaced, however, that was about it. No trash was picked up and nothing was organized. When you go to a hotel, typically they neatly arrange your items so they can clean the room/bathroom/vanity completely, but this was not the case. Our toiletries were shoved to a corner or moved over so they could place new toiletries, I had a half eaten sandwich placed on a shelf instead of being thrown away, the coffee pot wasn't put back or the coffee replenished (but new coffee cups were given), whatever was left on the bed was thrown back on it, there was a bottle cap left on the floor... small things that added up. This wasn't huge issue, but enough of one to notice and let the front desk know as we checked out. Also, the elevator functioned oddly for my husband once. He was brought to the top floor and then back down to the lobby instead of being brought to our floor.. but that was not a huge deal.. just odd!Our friends who were staying on the 11th floor experienced some poor water pressure and cold water, however, we did not.The hotel is in a good location- two blocks from Canal and two blocks up from Bourbon- easy walking! The valet out from was super helpful when we were getting ready to leave by reserving us a taxi so we did not have to wait when we wanted one and put our items in the vehicle while we were checking out to make the process smooth and efficient. All in all, the hotel was a great choice and we'd recommend and stay there again. For being brand new, they did a great job!Fantastic! Thank you for your feedback, with us being a new property, reviewers like yourself help us get better! We are thrilled that you liked the property and all of the outlets like our WXYZ Bar and Re:fuel pantry. We cant wait to have you back here with us again soon.We truly appreciate your review and thank you again for staying with aloftnola.- Dixie Krauss, Operations Manager
	The Aloft came as advertised. It was more modern than the pictures on their website might lead you to believe. Green option was good, they do not refresh unless you ask them to. Nice bar with pretty good food in the hotel. 15 minutes or so to walk to the river and French Quarter. Staff were friendly and accomodating.Yay! We love when we exceed your expectations and thank you for letting us know. Appreciate the kind words and we look forward to seeing you back at Aloft New Orleans Downtown.
	Great location about three blocks from Bourbon St. Very friendly staff. I would staff there again. If you take a car remember it cost 40/day to park here, but it cost that to park anywhere in New Orleans.You got it!! Parking is at a premium here in the city but our valet team is first in class and will be sure to take care of you. Thank you for staying, we hope you return again soon. Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	I was hesitant staying here but I am extremely happy I did, our room was a very spacey corner double and it had a wonderful view. Customer service was incredible, Kathy was able to check us in a little earlier and I forgot his name but made a mean bacon and egg croissant sandwich. Hotel is in a great location 2 blocks away from Bourbon and one from Canal. Close to everything but far enough to hear all the noise. I would definitely stay there again especially for the great rate we got.Thanks so much for your review! I always enjoy sharing comments like these with our staff and giving Kathy and our cook, Mike the kudos they deserve. We are delighted you had a great time here with us and we look forward to having you back with us again soon.Cheers,Dixie Krauss, Operations Manager
	Good: The hotel environment, the staff went above and beyond to make our first trip to Boston better than we expected. Recommendations they made, help with directions, very friendly, didnt feel like a hotel, felt like staying with friends. Comfortable beds, cozy room, great food.
	Clean and modern hotel.5 minutes to walk to the french quarter.friendly stuff.the only negative thing is the expensive valet parking service for about 45 dollars a day.we parked in a parking 2 roads away for 20 dollars per day (perdido street).So glad you enjoyed your time here with us, we hope you return again on your next trip. Valet is an expense here in downtown NOLA but our guys do a great job ensuring our guests are well taken care of. Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
	The hotel is very confortable, besides breakfast they offer wine tasting in the afternoons. The price is a bit expensive and the hotel stay a bit far from downtown Napa, so a car is required. Parking is free, which is a plus.
	New hotel, the rooms the lobby you notice that this is a new building. It was very clean, we enjoyed our room and the lobby.Staff was all friendly and the breakfast was good (usual Hampton Inn breakfast).Dear bens9,Thank you for your raving review of the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. Great to hear you enjoyed our Hampton breakfast as well as our friendly staff. We hope to see you again on your next trip to Napa Valley. Thank you, Serina Najar.
	We were lucky to be one the first guest at this brand new hotel in Napa , we were Very satisfied. The staff although new they tried to do their best. Now when I travel I always check if Hampton inn hotel is near by .
	Nice New Hampton Hotel. Rooms were very clean, Comfy Beds. Close to walking paths and down town Napa. Staff was friendly ! Great place to stay. Walking paths along the Napa River make it nice way to start the day.Dear Paul O,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. We're glad to hear that you enjoyed our comfy beds and that you we're able to take advantage of our walking path that runs along the river just behind the hotel. We look forward to serving you again in the near future. Thank you, Serina Najar.
	This was a very nice Hampton Inn. Lobby area is very nice. Negatives- Breakfast is very busy. Not enough seating. Food is just OK. Our room did not get cleaned until after 5PM. We just got back from all day wine tasting. Maids did not knock they just walked in.
	This is a newer place, clean and friendly service. For the business traveler this is great, one of the more economically friendly hotels in Napa. The location is good too, easy on and off and not far far from downtown. I slept great, nice clean comfortable bed. Overall really nice. Dear JimWard99,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. I appreciate your feedback on our clean and friendly service. Thank you again for taking the time to review, Serina Najar.
	My daughter and I stayed here for a Mother's Day getaway. The hotel is in a great location, especially if you're here when they have the Napa Farmers Market located at the edge of the parking lot. There is also a nice movie theater in the same parking lot. This is a new hotel with a nice layout. The housekeeping needs some improvement both in the rooms and the breakfast area. They do offer free wine tasting in the evenings which was nice.
	The staff is all very friendly, and facility was great! Over all a great experience. Everything for a family Vacation. Also there is a cute little farmers market and movie theater, and restaurants nearby.
	A gorgeous hotel! Not a typical Hampton Inn. Easy to find and the location is convenient to vineyards, downtown Napa and you can walk to restaurants, shopping and movie theater. Inside the hotel is gorgeous and the guest rooms are all suites and huge! Mini fridge, huge shower, I could live in this room!
	Bad: Room size. Good: The close proximity to TD garden
	Beautiful brand new hotel. The staff performs at 110. Great location everything you need is within 5 miles of this hotel. Comfortable room great service overperforming staff makes this hotel the best place to stay in Napa.
	This hotel was clean, staff was friendly, and beds were comfortable. The ONLY warning I will give is to those couples looking for a romantic getaway in Napa. One of the selling points (in my opinion) on their site was the comfortable outdoor seating area with a beautiful fireplace. If there are private parties booked that area won't be available to you until 10 p.m. We were disappointed and unaware of this as our hotel had private parties every night we were there.
	My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel for one night while we were vacationing in Napa Valley with another couple. The hotel is located in a commercial area, so it lacks the ambiance of a hotel that is located in the hear of wine country. And it is a bit of a longer drive to get to the main roads where the wineries are located.That being said, the lobby of the hotel is very nicely appointed and they do have a good offering of bottles of wine for sale. The staff at the front desk were very nice and were helpful with recommendations and directions. Our room was very comfortable. There was plenty of space and the beds were firm and friendly. The bathroom was clean and included the expected amenities. It was also a very good value, as similar hotels in the area were significantly more expensive. If you're looking for a comfortable place to stay close to Napa Valley and you're not looking for a romantic experience, this hotel would be an excellent choice.Dear ltt18,Thanks for taking the time to write your review of the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. We appreciate your valuable feedback. As our location is less than 2 miles to downtown we are very close to several wineries in surrounding areas like the Carneros area as well as conveniently near the entrance to highway 29 to reach the other wineries up the valley. It's great to hear that the staff was nice and provided you with recommendations as well as directions to your destinations. At Hampton we provide a great value with complementary breakfast, parking and internet just to name a few. Thank you again for staying with us and we hope to see you on your next trip to Napa. Best Regards, Serina Najar.
	Great stay. I would recommend staying here for business, family or couple weekend. Close to downtown Napa and Sonoma. The employees here are exceptional! So many options for breakfast. They also offer wine tasting if youre around at 5!
	Good new option for hotels in Napa. Centrally located near new retail center south of downtown Napa. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Very typical Hampton Inn room setup. Nothing special, but reasonable alternative to other hotels in the area. Dear P5041IYwilliamk,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. We appreciate your feedback. There are several options for hotels in Napa and we love to provide our guest with a Hampton value of complementary internet, complementary parking, complementary breakfast, our added features of pool and spa as well as a nice patio area with a fireplace and 2 fire pits which not all Hampton's have. We thank you again for your feedback and hope to see you again on your next trip to Napa Valley. Best Regards, Serina Najar.
	I have never written a review, good or bad, but the experience at Hampton from their staff especially Kalah was so atrocious that I felt the need to prewarn people about this particular employee who was rude, unprofessional and argumentative and when I called to inform the manager of the experience, I received no calls back. The hotel overbooks and apparently doesn't care.Dear Cinandyoung,Thank you for taking the time to express yourself about your experience with the Hampton Inn Suites. As we always try to do our best given the circumstances and situation at hand. I apologize that we fell short in being able to accommodate you as our guest. I appreciate your feed back and will turn this situation into a learning lesson on how we can handle this situation better next time. I thank you again for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. We hope you give us the opportunity to make this stay up on you next trip to Napa Valley. Thank you again, Serina Najar.
	What a beautiful Hampton Inn in Napa. Great Location within walking distance of a movie theatre, gym, a few restaurants and Starbucks. The rooms are a nice size. The beds were comfy. They had DirecTv which is always a huge Plus! But the bathroom was awesome. Love, love, love the extra lighting and shelving for us ladies. The only thing I would add would be a wall magnifying mirror like the Marriott has. Even with all the amazing light it was hard to get up close to the mirror to do my makeup because of the size of the nice vanity.
	I had stopped by here with my family just to stop by. We did not stay, but rather wanted to see this new property. It is near the Napa River. There is also a Century theater and an In-Shape in the same parking lot. The grounds were immaculate. Once I walked in, all I could say was WOW!. It was beautiful, modern and I felt comfortable as I walked in. We purchased some waters from the gift shop as we were driving around through Napa, Calistoga, and St. Helena. Kalah (I believe that was her name- she had curly brown hair), was so warm upon us walking into the lobby. I asked if I could take a look around just to see what the common areas looked like, she said absolutely! It was beautiful. I am looking forward to my future stay(s) here. I will say as I passed a young lady, Danielle. It was like she did not want to be there or she was having an off day. She did not acknowledge me as a guest as she passed by or even at the desk. Overall still 5 Stars. Kalah (hopefully that was her name) was AWESOME! See you Soon!Dear LeMoura G,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. Your comments especially the Wow are bells to my ears. We truly do have a unique Hampton capturing the Napa Valley throughout the building. It was very satisfying to hear your awesome comments about Kalah. We look forward to seeing you on your next visit to the Napa Valley. Thank you, Serina Najar.
	This Hampton Inn is new and well-appointed, and seems to be a popular choice for people touring wineries, as our group was. There was a little street noise in my room, but tolerable.The staff were uniformly pleasant and helpful, from front desk to housekeeping.Breakfast is of the standard you would expect for this type of hotel, with some reasonable choices and slight changes from day to day.It is not located in the center of Napa, so to go to most restaurants, you need a car.
	If you are going to Napa, you must stay at the Hampton Inn Suites. The hotel is very clean, very friendly, and the rooms are updated. Many perks like cookies. tea, coffee in the lobby during the day, complimentary hot breakfast, and a snack bar to take with us to San Francisco. Definitely want to stay at the Hampton Inn Suites again.Dear 48mimiy,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. Definitely staying with us we offer many other perks like 24 hour complementary tea and coffee, in addition to cookies and our on the run breakfast to go bags that are available Mon-Fri 6am to 10am, just swing by the front desk and the bags are available for all our guest. Thank you again for visiting and we hope to see you again. Warmest Regards, Serina Najar.
	Bad: Room was small. Good: Free apples and fruit Infused Water in the lobby. Free bikes.
	I really enjoyed my stay at the Hampton Inn and Suites Napa. The staff were very friendly and the facilities were excellent. There is a free buffet breakfast, wine tasting from 5-6pm and a tea/coffee station in reception all day. The pool is heated and the outdoor areas are really well maintained. I had a very relaxing stay and would definitely recommend it.Dear ACNolan,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. We are very honored to have earned your recommendation and thankful you enjoyed your stay with us. It's great to hear that you had a relaxing time with us and we hope to see you again soon. Warmest Regards, Serina Najar.
	The hotel room itself was clean, spacious, and in good repair. We, however, had problems from beginning to end with the booking process. We blocked rooms for an anniversary party. Guests were either told the block was full or didn't exist. My husband and I extended our stay by one day upon check-in. We received 4 phone calls from the front desk by different people asking if we were checking out. Front desk staff was very disorganized and uninformed. I would not recommend this particular hotel.Dear jenniferrB6116DR,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. We truly appreciate all your feedback. I will personally be looking into the details of your blocked rooms. We always want to be sure that the entire team is always on the same page and from your comments it looks as if we may have missed a step. I truly apologize for any over site on our end and I will be sure we button up those missed items you mentioned. I thank you again for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa and will be sure to pass along this information to the proper individuals. Best regards, Serina Najar.
	I went with my family. The hotel is very new and service is good. On the downside it's far from Napa downtown and farther from the wine yards. Breakfast can get very crowded. There is a cinema and some restaurant at walking distance if you don't want to drive. Good place if you don't want to drive further to get to the attractions. Dear Alejandro M,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. We thank you for your feedback and comments. We are located near several restaurants and the Cinema which is very convenient for travelers to the area. There are over 500 wineries in Napa and depending on which wineries you are looking to travel to our hotel does have easy access to the local highway to get you to your winery destination. We thank you again for your valuable feedback and hope to serve you on your next trip to Napa, Serina Najar.
	This place is ideally located with theaters, supermarkets, fast food, fine restaurants, all near by. The architecture is really beautiful and it is brand new. It provides easy access to downtown Napa as well as to the main highway north to all the wineries. My room was on the ground floor, No. 130 and there was some noise from upstairs translated below but not bad. Also had really nice, big screen, TVs.Dear TSCClovisCa,Thank you so much for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. I appreciate your awesome feedback, compliments of our hotel's location and arthitectural features. Thank you again for staying with the Hampton Inn SUites Napa, we hope to serve you again in the near future.
	Hotel is in a great location for Napa and Sonoma wine tasting. Good breakfast and wine tasting from 5 to 6 pm in the lobby. Clean hotel with nice patio. Decent workout room and friendly staff make for a pleasant stay.
	This a super nice Hampton. The desk staff is friendly, the breakfast was delicious. Our room was spotless. The beds are super comfortable. We had a river view room with a balcony. It was nice to be able to relax on the balcony.We had an issue with the thermostat and maintenance came up promptly--turns out it was operator error! Asked for extra towels one evening and they were brought up immediately. On Tuesdays and Saturdays there is a nice Farmer's Market just a few yards away (I believe it closes in October until next season). A grocery store within walking distance. We definitely recommend!Dear PeggyS513,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hampton Inn Suites Napa. We appreciate your valuable feedback, as well all the great things you mentioned about our friendly staff and comfortable beds. Our balcony rooms do have a different thermostat unit than the others and typically we do get calls about them not operating. Unfortunately you do need to be within so many feet of the unit for it to operate properly and this typically take care of the issue. The farmer's market is definitely coming to an end, I would anticipate it to end come November. We're glad to hear that you recommend us and we hope to see you on your next trip to Napa Valley. Thank you, Serina Najar.
	My daughter and I went to Texas for a concert at the Verizon and chose this hotel based on location, reviews, and previous experience with Hampton Inn Suites. The mattresses were so comfortable and no evidence of bedbugs. The staff was great. The breakfast was delicious. I wish we could have stayed longer.
	I have stayed at this hotel many times and the service is always excellent and the property is well keep. I am concerned about security whenever I travel. This property has twenty four hour security and the location is perfect for those who want access to Dallas, Grand Praire, Arlington or Fort Worth
	I recently stayed in the Hampton Inn Suites Dallas/Cockrell Hill. The room was clean and had everything we needed. The breakfast was ok, we always found something we could eat. Nice touch to have coffee 24 hours at the desk, and we were delighted with the chocolate chip cookies upon our arrival. The staff are friendly and attentive to... More
	Really nice hotel. Room was fresh and clean. Fluffy pillows and comfy bed. Housekeeping was good. I liked , the larger batheroom and shower, the coffee cubie in the bathroom, the shelf under the sink - I used it to tuck my toiletries away, Other notes - front desk person friendly and nice, complimentary breakfast was good and above average... More
	Good: A marvelous location, very friendly crew, it's clear hotel where you feel you are in Boston!
	Every night when we came back to the hotel, numerous spots were open. We were delighted. Until we figured out why. It appears that someone designing the spaces are attempting to put as many as possible there, so the spots are very narrow. Even in a midsize car, you cannot park in many of the spots, because someone has parked over the lines, because the spaces are too small. It's like a domino effect. So you can't park unless you want someone dinging your car door. Because of this, we had to find parking very far away from our room. The hotel is very convenient and away from down town. The Old Town Shuttle is a good idea, but it runs only once and hour. It's always packed because of this and the fact that it services four hotels. It was a waste of 20. The rooms were clean, the pool was hot as a sauna, and the breakfast was okay. We would stay again.Dear Phillip H,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. Unfortunately Parking on this Island is a hot commodity, but I must agree that some of the spaces do seem narrow. We are also continuing to work on how we can make our shuttle better. I will be share you comments to our team so that we can try to make the correct adjustments. Please feel free to contact my Directly if there is anything that I can do in the future.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manger
	Very nice hotel! The employees were all very helpful, the rooms were very comfortable and clean, and everything in the rooms, the pool, and the lobby looked clean and up to date. The rates were really good and the location is the perfect driving distance from all the restaurants and stores. This hotel definitely aided in providing us with a positive Key West experience. The only negative thing that I have to say is about the the breakfast. There was no fruit! The only thing they had fruit wise were oranges. It would have been nice if they had fruits like bananas and apples paired up with those oranges. Other than that everything else was A plus.Dear natalianieves22,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel and providing your feedback. We are Happy that you had a Positive Key West Experience, and enjoyed your stay with us. Also thank you for letting me know about the Fruit. We do usually have Bananas as well as cut fruit on the buffet and I will be looking into it so it doesn't happen again. We hope to see you back in Key West again very soon.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
	I was with four other people on a birding trip to watch the hawk migration. We spotted over 50 species of birds as we traveled across the keys. The hotel is new. The room was spacious and I loved the shower, microwave, and mini frig. The breakfast was wonderful and allowed us to make an early start for our birding. I commend Rosemary Johnson, an employee, that assisted me in finding ice, entering the pool area, and making me feel welcome even though it was late at night. Thank you for a lovely experience.Thank you for your comments. So glad you had a great stay. Rosemary is one of many of our amazing team members here to assist our guests. Thank you for staying with us. Hope you come back again to explore more of this wonderful bird sanctuary habitat.
	We have traveled to all areas of the US and realize high tourist areas such as this are normally higher priced lodging. However, when you pay a higher price for a hotel you expect the establishment to provide an equal value for your dollars. Not the case here. The front desk staff, both in the early evening and in the morning, have very poor customer service skills. We felt we were disturbing them any time we approached them. Also, the walkways and exterior areas have not been cleaned in months. The breakfast was bad! Never again!Dear Don G,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. We take all of our reviews seriously so we can better serve our Guests. Reading through your review I see the we fell short of your expectations. I apologize for the service that was provided. I will be sharing your comments with my staff, so that we can learn fro our short falls.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
	Spent one night here after travelling from Orlando through the Everglades and the Keys. Excellent first impression, clean, bright lobby, quick check in and a fantastic concierge who provided us with maps and advised on local attractions, etc. The room was a good size with TV, fridge, adequate storage space and complimentary toiletries and hairdryer in the bathroom. I was travelling with a friend and had booked a King room prior to arrival (there had been no other options on the website), however, reception offered us double queen room at no extra cost on check in. Breakfast consisted of hot and cold items sausage patties, eggs, waffles, bagels, toast, pastries, cereal, yoghurt, orange juice, tea/coffee. Good quality and plenty available. Available in the lobby and included in the room rate.The only thing that lets this hotel down slightly is the location. The main Street in Key West is Duval street, which is a good hours walk from the hotel. A taxi costs upwards of 20 dollars. We had a rental car and ended up driving a lot of the street parking is permit only and the car parks are expensive but we managed to park for free on a residential street. Perhaps a shuttle to and from the hotel would be a nice extra touch.A good hotel, would stay again if travelling back to Key West.Thank you for your comments and feedback. So glad you enjoyed your visit to our property and had an excellent first impression. The team does an amazing job maintaining the cleanliness of the rooms, and getting our guest checked in quickly so they can enjoy the Island. Thanks for staying with us. Hope to see you back soon.
	The Fairfield Inn Suites Key West at The Keys Collection in Key West, was a clean hotel, a little out of Key West. There was a shuttle into Key West proper, but it was crowded do to other hotels in the same area give the shuttle free as a perk, at the Fairfield Inn it was 20/ day/ room. We did some things on the side of the island that the Inn on. Key West Botanical Garden, and Lazy Dog Kayak and Paddle Boards which were both great. Overall a good stay, Marriott has to update their breakfasts, have stayed in many Marriott properties, the breakfast is always the same.Dear Thomas M,Thank you for taking the time to Review our Hotel. We are very Happy that you had a Nice Stay. We hope to see you back in Key West very soon for another Nice stay.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
	We stayed with my family for 1 week.It was amazing time for relax in Dubai,especially in Marriott Marquis.Restaurants food are delicious,especially we recommend Izakaya and Garden.Cafe Artois is fantastic place with very nice view to Dubai Canal.Service of concierge Mustafa was super.He advised my family all iconic places of Dubai.Definitely we will be back soonWe want to thank you for staying at the Fairfield Inn Suites by Marriott Keys Collection and we are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your recent stay, your patronage is very important, and it means the world to us that you had a great stay.
	We were looking for a hotel at the last minute. As soon as we walk in the staff were very courteous and friendly, very helpful in finding the best pricing and fulfilling my hotel needs. I was serviced by Davian, she was very willing and helpful. I commended her for the outstanding service she provide. Next time we visit Key West this will be our place to stay.Dear Catherine A,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. We are Happy to see that you enjoyed your stay with us and that our staff was very courteous and friendly. It is always nice to see our staff mentioned. We hope to see you back in Key West soon!Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
	We booked through hotels.com. When we got to the hotel, it seemed to be taking a long time for the manager, Angel Torres, to check us in. Turns out they were updating their fire code system and all the reservations for rooms with king size beds were being taken out of commission for any reservation that was longer than two nights. He tried to override the computer, but it seems computers are now running the world. He very politely inquired if we would mind a room with 2 beds. I couldn't really understand why anyone would really consider that a big deal, since now I had a bed to throw all my clothes on and another one to sleep in. Once he assured me that the room was the same size as the king I told him to go ahead and do it. He then proceeded to comp us the shuttle (which runs 22/day per room) for our entire stay, as well as giving us coupons for complimentary drinks at the hotel bar. I asked him to also give us free parking to which he responded that he had, the previous week, reversed their policy of charging for parking. I told him to make sure to put that on the website because that could be major deterrence for some people. What more could one ask for!! We definitely came out ahead and he was so apologetic about the whole thing. The room was huge, clean and comfortable. The pool is lovely, the FREE breakfast had a huge variety of items to choose from. No question we would definitely stay here again and will strongly recommend it to any friends who might choose Key West as their destination.Donna, the concierge was also great. Gave great recommendations and lots of coupons for stuff on Duval Street.Thank you for choosing the Fairfield Inn Suites at The Keys Collection for your recent travels to Key West. Commitment to service and guest satisfaction is a main focus and we are delighted to hear you enjoyed your stay.
	Stayed here for 4 nights. Price was on the lower end of choices on Key West so we were prepared for some short comings. We were very surprised at the cleanliness of the grounds and size if the room given the price bracket. We had room 146, which put us on the inside, bottom floor. Very comfy king size bed, small fridge, dresser, and desk didn't come close to filling up the room. I paced it off to about 20x16! The bathroom was also spacious. No tub but a glass enclosed shower the size of a tub with plenty of pressure and hot water. The included breakfast was what I'd call a Continental Plus, as it also had scrambled eggs, sausages, and DIY fresh made waffles. Heated pool and pool bar too! Would definitely stay here again and highly recommended! Thank you for your comments. So glad you enjoyed our spacious clean rooms. Thank you for staying with us and recommending us to all of your friends.
	Good: Its location.
	Steve the Bartender was very knowledgable about the local area and he had many restaurants to recommend, so many local restaurants to us, it was so hard to choose from. We decided to eat at The restaurant Hogfish. He also gave us a ten percent coupon to us for our meal. He also makes the BEST Pia Coladas. Great bartender at poolside..Thank you for your comments. Steve is an amazing team member. He welcomes all of our guests with great libations and wonderful ideas on what to see and explore on the Island. Thanks for staying with us.
	Great place to stay in the keys at an affordable price without sacrificing quality. Location: not on the beach but within driving/ biking distance to downtown and quiet. On site is a biking company to rent bikes or scooters from definitely recommend. Their kiosk is located next to the pool bar.Room: clean room, clean bedding/sheets, bed was medium comfort but we slept fine Pool: beautiful and big it wasn't crowded at all so you could enjoy it an any time. Lounge chairs were comfortable and cabanas were nice on a first come first serve basis. The pool bar was very nice with a variety of drinks. I wouldn't recommend the pool food with the exception of the wings and fries which were really good. Try some of the local beers on tap my favorite was the Crazy Lady very smooth. Free Breakfast: continental breakfast with a variety of fruits, waffles, eggs, bagels, cereal, and coffee etcOverall : Had a very relaxing and fun two day stay here. I highly recommend it to anyone going down to the keys. I definitely plan to be back here on my next trip down. Dear Susana L,Thank you for taking the time to Review our Hotel. We are very Happy that you had a Nice Stay and enjoyed our Breakfast and Pool. We hope to see you back in Key West very soon for another Nice stay with us.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
	Everything about our stay from the moment we checked in was a very positive experience. Our room was clean and had everything we needed. The pool area was also nice and clean with plenty of towels and loungers available. The breakfast area was also clean and well attended to. We were also given a one hour late checkout which made my daughter extremely happy as it gave her a chance for one more swim before we left. A perfect stay while we were in the Keys!Thank you for the five star review. So glad to hear our folks at the front office were able to extend a later departure so your daughter could get that one last swim!! Thank you for sharing your experience and we look forward to welcoming you back to our little island!
	This is one of the newest hotels in Key West. It's located in the new section of town and is about a 15 minute car ride to Duval St. The rooms and facilities are modern. The customer service was variable and I was disappointed with their lack of assistance when we encountered an issue with our air conditioner. Parking is free, wifi is decent and free, there is also a free breakfast which was nice. Best of all, no resort fee. Dear netgeek,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. We take all of our reviews seriously so that we can better serve our guests. I apologize for that lack of assistance regarding your air conditioner, and I will be getting with my staff so that they better assist our guests better when they are having issues with our hotel. I hope that you will return so that next time we can better serve you.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
	Room rate was high, only had a King size bed, check in was very long, tour bus was parked and running for a long time, room was quiet and large. bathroom did not have a tub, lobby was quite far away check out was faster than checkinDear JaneVCongersNY,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. I am Happy that you did enjoy your room, but noticed that we fell short of your expectations and I do apologize for that. We take all of our reviews and comments seriously and will be passing yours to the rest of my team. Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
	Hotel was just ok nothing special. Was down here for a party weekend so worth it. The town is amazing, because theres so much fun stuff to do there. Great many bars and restaurants. Theres even alot of history and a radar dome lol.Dear Jeff M,Thank you for taking the time to Review our Hotel. We are very Happy that you had a Nice Stay and enjoyed your Party Weekend. We hope to see you back in Key West very soon for another Nice stay.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
	I stayed here with a couple friends. Very friendly hotel! The weather was terrible, cold rainy, in the Keys. The staff was super helpful in helping us find things to do. The location is far from all the action, but a quick cab ride away... worth the stay. Very clean.Thank you for sharing your comments with all of our trip adviser guests. I am sorry the weather did not cooperate on your recent trip to the Keys,you will need to come back to enjoy the Keys sunshine. Thank you for staying with us.
	The folks here have paid attention to detail and made this a wonderful place to stay. There is Plenty of room for parking, a nice breakfast, comfortable rooms, easy check in and out. The Great location makes it easy enough to get around without being to close to downtown.Thank you for your comments. So glad you enjoyed your visit.Thanks you for staying with us, hope to see you again soon.
	The location wasn't exactly where i thought it was but that was partly my fault, there are 2 Fairfield's in Key west and I got confused with the second one. However it was nice and close to airport which is what I was looking for at first. The Hotel had a nice room, Clean, and everything you needed to just have a nice stay. They had a contential breakfast at the hotel and that was nice. It had a great selection with staff that worked really hard the entire time to keep everything stocked, cleaned, and looking nice. It was just a nice hotel all around and we couldn't beat the price. Very happy with our stay here.Dear Ashley663,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. We are Happy that you enjoyed your stay here with us. We hope you had a relaxing time here in Key West and we hope to see you back in again soon.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
	If you're familiar with Key West, you'll recognize the location as the old Day's Inn. But the changes are more than just the signage. I figured it would be a new sign and fresh paint. Not so. A number of years back, numerous hotels on the entry end of the island were taken out of the inventory for revitalization, including the Days Inn. They gutted it, and the changes are significant.The room was large, as was the bath. Just a shower, no tub in room 148, which was fine. Bed was comfy, a/c worked great. In fact, I had no complaints at all about this property. The complimentary breakfast included pork sausage, turkey sausage, scrambled eggs, omelets, make your own waffles, plus pastries and fresh fruit. Not your typical complimentary breakfast.Pool is large enough, and plenty of lounges, as well as canopies. There's a Tiki Bar and music playing. Now for what may be a concern for some.The hotel is at the entry to the island. All traffic on or off the island passes through the intersection out front. Since the hospital is on Stock Island (just next to Key West) ambulances going there, pass right by. Sirens don't bother me, but if you get upset over them....well, since the island is 2 miles by 4 miles, maybe this isn't the place for you. There were numerous sirens from law enforcement, fire, and ambulances each day, but I didn't notice them at night.I had no complaints about this place. The only shortfalls, were that there was only one wastebasket in the room, which was next to the computer desk. Another in the bath would have been nice. Also, the parking spaces were a bit narrow, but nothing I couldn't deal with.Front desk and all staff were great. Property gets a recommended!Please note: There are two Fairfield Inns on the island. One at 2400 N. Roosevelt, and this one at 3800.Thank you for the very detailed review. We truly appreciate you taking the time to share your experience with our readers. Glad to hear you had time to enjoy our breakfast and enjoy some sun poolside. We look forward to welcoming you back to the Keys Collection!
	Bad: The pull out couch was extremely uncomfortable. Good: Room was great. Staff was friendly and welcoming.
	I found my room + hotel to be just as advertized. Tnhe location puts you in easy walking distance of Wrigley Field.It is also very handy to both bus and L.
	I had looked into Villa Toscana before but it was completely full. Last week I lucked out. The location was convenient, the room was comfortable, the innkeeper helpful and the overall experience excellent. Definitely a place I would stay again.
	I was a little nervous about staying at a bb in Wrigleyville Place was great, small but very clean . walking distance to Wrigley field make sure to get a room with a bathroom
	Spent four nights visiting in Seattle and a big part of the pleasure was staying at Bed and Breakfast Inn. I arrived late, which was no issue, since Shannon and I communicated via text. I got a quiet downstairs room, bath down the hall. All spotless, nice waffle-weave robe in the closet. Breakfasts were superior (sitting in the sunny kitchen... More
	My family and I stayed here for a night, the front desk guy and girl that were there are super nice they treated us with a warm smile and made us feel at home! . Awesome customer service and also the breakfast that they had was very good as well and our bed was very comfortable and clean as well as the room. Everyone working there was very friendly .
	This is a great place to stay to sleep. Thats what I was looking for. Staff is friendly. Rooms are clean. Older hotel but updated. Can be loud as this is a motel. I felt very safe. Parking is easy. Good value for the money.
	Really I know 3 stars on Priceline can be dicey, but really Really We got a quad. Four 5 1/2 foot long bunk beds. Numbered one to four. With a stack of folded sheets. And a 2 by 2 shower. Really How did this get on Priceline in the first place And how did it get any stars I am only writing this now because it is 1:30 in the morning and my dorm was like a library compared to this place. Decades ago. How did this get on Priceline I have stayed at more than 40 hotels in Chicago on Priceline over the years, but this is the first time I have stayed in a hostel. A hostile. Really I wish zero stars was a choice, but that would be too many. I know all the hipster comments I will get on this, but please, keep them to yourself.Hello Steve P, Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to review your stay. I so sorry that your stay was disappointing due to the room layout not being as expected for our star rating. We are reviewing your reservation with our booking partners to ensure that no other guest encounters a similar issue. Please feel free to let our front desk know during any future stays if we can do anything to make your stay more enjoyable. I hope we can see you back again very soon for what I am sure will be a better experience.
	Hello. I stood at this woodspring suites for two weeks. While I was there and I had a great stay. When I walked in the the lobby to check in the manager and the general manager greeted me with kindness and it felt really good. When I got to my room, the room felt very clean. I stood at this hotel due to work. I will be returning shortly and I will also tell my other co-workers to stay there. Thank you for a great stay.We are so glad our staff was able to make your time at WoodSpring Suites a great one. The WoodSpring Suites team strives to make your stay one you wont forget. Thank you for sharing your experience with us and we hope we get the privilege to serve you again soon.
	Looking forward to a romantic stay, and our room offered a deep soaking tub, but when we checked in, I was told that all they had were "normal"tubs. We were disappointed. Other than that, we had a nice stay.
	For the cost of this hotel, I was extremely surprised on how nice, clean and modern looking it was. The staff was extremely courteous and helpful with anything we needed, but most importantly I felt comfortable there because it was safe and secure and the inside and outside was well kept. I also found out it was recently remodeled. Would def stay there again.
	Room too small and ice machine broke nice too small rooms Free water and apples
	A disorderly mess from the start. When we checked in and got up to our room it wasn't clean and the beds were not made. On the second day of our stay we returned to our room at 4:00 to find the room has not been cleaned but our towels had been removed and items had been moved in our room. When we inquired, the manager stated no one has been in our room insisting we had been the only ones to enter. At no point was he apologetic or reasonable in regards to our concerns. At this point I decided to check out. I made the error of prepaying through Expedia and now the hotel is avoiding their attempts to refund the nights I did not stay. A terrible experience all around in a poorly managed hotel.
	We asked in the morning about breakfast and they told us that a free continental breakfast is only served at a holiday in express.  Then we ordered our breakfast.  When the food arrived the food orders were small and not cooked properly.  For the price we paid for breakfast we could have gone to a nice restaurant in town and the food would have been better and more plentiful. Then when checking out holiday Inn charged us an additional fee.
	break fast is an apology of a breakfast..Even ordinary hotels in third world serve better breakfast..
	My wife had a birthday party at theHoliday Inn North Phoenix.The event we had was wonderfully planned by Phil McIlveen,the hotel's director of sales.He helped in planning a great party within our budget.Phil went above and beyond his limits to ensure that the event was successful.The staff were courteous and very ready to listen and help out wherever and whenever we needed them.We will surely have more events in the future at this location and we will send referrals to Phil.Thank you for the hospitality.George
	It was terrible i will never stay there again. Dirty, noisy, tv didnt work. The staff was a joke
	The had a bad smell. It smells like wet carpet or maybe mildew.
	When I open the room I was amazed how great it was. The bed, the pillows, the sheets, the towels, the bath. I had no idea for the price what a great place I would get
	The room was nice and clean. The only downsides were the A/C system and location. The A/C system was very loud and did not cool the room adequately. The location was right next to the freeway onramp (noisy) and the neighborhood was sketchy. I will not stay here again.
	While everything was "OK", there was nothing special or even extra OK about this hotel. The walls are paper thin, it's right off of the freeway, no free breakfast........ Just OK.
	This hotel was awful. It was so noisy you could hear EVERYTHING. Lots and lots and lots of kids running and screaming the entire night. Guess it might be good for a family but unless you have wild children it is not worth it. I heard every car outside. One of our pillows had dirt on it. We booked a king bed and got two queens. It smelled weird. It was dated. An elevator was out so it always took forever to go up or down. The parking was cramped and limited. Save your money and don't waste it on this place.I have stayed at nicer Motel 6's.
	the bed was very comfortable
	I was traveling for work during the spring training season. The price was right at this hotel. The room was comfortable but the surrounding area was not very nice.
	Wasn't expecting much from this hotel due to the low rate, however the staff was very organized. I called earlier in the day to let them know I would not be arriving until 11pm. The front desk staff had my key and paperwork sitting out when I arrived. I was in the room in a few minutes.The room itself, had a real king size comfortable bed in it. The room was decorated well. The bathroom was neat, a shower with just a glass wall.The restaurant and bar were very nice, although I only went to the free continental breakfast.The hotel looks like it was updated within 10 years, but then has had alot of use.Only room issues were the shower and bathroom drywall had taking a beating with the lack of a shower curtain, it should be fixed. Looks like the maintenance staff just threw some spackle and painted over the water damage.My room faced the highway, so it was rather loud all night, however the AC was loud enough to drown out the noise. If you stay more than one night I would suggest getting a room facing the other way. The TV only has basic channels, no HBO or Showtime.
	The hotel was easy to get to with smiling welcoming staff. The room was Clean and ready for use. I'll return there when in town again!
	Hotel was very clean and room was ready upon arrival.
	This hotel serves its purpose. We stayed here when visiting Phoenix for spring training. Most hotels were booked and very expensive. This was a bit out of the way but worth the savings. Room was updated and clean. Fabian at the front desk was great!
	Pleasant stay, friendly staff,  On the internet site it claims that there is complimentary breakfast, but there was no complimentary breakfast
	The heating unit didn't work in the first room I was moved to another room. The dinner menu in the restaurant was mostly sandwiches personally I eat sandwiches for lunch not dinner. I did try the burger one night and the cook cooked every bit of the juice out of the meat I might as well have had some of the desert sand.
	My first night, my room was ok, but the AC fan or housing made a racket. I actually removed the plastic covering because it was broken and I thought that's what was rattling...wrong. I probably should have requested a new room, but by then I had my toiletries unpacked and didn't feel like moving. I was tired, so I slept through the noise, no problem. My second night I asked for a different room - the AC was still noisy, must just be 'normal'. The halls smelled a little musty, but the shining light of the stay was the front desk and housekeeping personnel. I had forgotten an expensive temperpedic pillow in my first room that I take with me when I travel. I didn't notice that I didn't have it until I was ready to go to bed the 2nd night (in a different room). The front desk people were very attentive, but housekeeping had gone home for the night or something and the front desk didn't have the key to their storage room....SO, I had to wait until I checked out the next morning to get me pillow back. But I DID get my beloved pillow back, so, all's well that ends well.
	It was great and staff were very friendly. Wish I could've stayed longer.
	Garbage hotel beware do not use the toxic water there if you shower in it you will smell like waste water
	This is a nice hotel with great staff. I have young children and the entire staff from the front desk staff to the breakfast staff were there to help us. This was our first visit to the Portland area and we plan to go back later this summer. We will stay at this hotel when we return.
	Bad: Sofa bed very uncomfortable. Good: Great restoration of classic building close to sports, shopping and financial district.
	This hotel has bedbugs!! The staff acted like it wasn't a big idea!! Don't stay here!!
	Room 217. Shower flow rate was low - just a trickle. Hot water was luke-warm at best - no "hot" water. Shower drain was in the middle of a flat tiled shower floor sloping toward the back end of the shower where water puddled up and did not drain, leaving soap scum, etc. - very unsanitary. Bathroom sink did not drain well, leaving shaving cream, soap scum, whiskers in sink after shaving by the time it drained - and the drain had a "sewer" smell. There were unrepaired holes in the drywall at the bathroom door jamb. I put clothing into the dresser drawers and the drawers would not stay shut - annoying! Refrigerator made a loud humming noise - on and off about every 3-5 seconds. No continental breakfast included (unless you want to pay $9 to have it delivered to your room.) One evening, I decided to use the hot tub outside (because I was rather cold and knew I couldn't take a hot shower). The palm tree trimmers did not cover the hot tub that day, so they had dropped palm tree trimmings into the hot tub rendering it unusable. The pool cleaning company was there the next evening to clean it out.
	Had to catch a very early flight out of PHX, and this was the closest hotel we found. It actually was clean, comfortable and close to the airport enough.
	The hotel was apparently renovated about 10 or 15 years ago, but hasn't been very well maintained since then. The condition of the rooms is clean but run-down. The attached restaurant serves pretty decent Indian food. The biggest complaint is that there was a plumbing issue with the hot water not running in the shower. The second is that the check in process was excruciatingly slow. I don't know if I'd stay there again, given the plethora of other inexpensive hotels in the area. If you do stay there, check all of the amenities in the room and insist on a different room if something doesn't work.
	Hotel was in decent shape and clean.  Bathrooms were very nice and redone but rest of room looked fine.  Main floor smelled of cat litter in some places and some others smelled like cleaning supplies.  Desk staff messed up my room keys when I checked in so I had to go all the way back to lobby to get it fixed.  Staff was friendly and apologized though.  Check out was smooth and easy.
	I like it
	Front desk staff was awesome. David was amazing, he was exceptional in providing quality customer service. Whenever we had a need, he was quick to assist and resolve. Housekeeping was excellent and maintenance too as they had to repair a socket. 5 stars!
	Stayed for Baseball Spring Training @ 140 CAD., the free WIFI is a total Joke, no reception at all in the room and very limited in lobby and kept logging off, we have 4 devices so I know it was not the device. I asked if I can pay for wifi to get better reception, was told that's all they offer.The pool has problems as it's leaking all over the place outside, twice there and no towels, when asked for towel, they only brought 2 towels. If you don't get the room service by 10 am, they won't come back.Room was clean but little small for 4 people.
	We stayed at this hotel on a Saturday night. The highway is quite close and is quite noisy. Upon entering the room it was clean and smelled good. Our neighbors however were very noisy and rowdy at 1 am and I had not been able to sleep because of all the noise,so I picked up the in room phone and called the front desk......6 times!! No answer. I then used my cell phone to call the front desk directly and they immediately picked up! I was quite upset at this point. They said they would send security to check on the noisy room. Security eventually showed up, and knocked on the wrong room! Needless to say I had to call back and finally persuaded them to switch me to a different room. So at around 2 am, there we are getting all of our stuff packed up again to switch rooms, as soon as we enter the next room, I walk up to the window and find a drone right in front of it peering in! NEVER RETURNING to this hotel, slept maybe 2 hours the whole night
	I stay here frequently as a getaway. It is clean, quiet for the most part. They do allow dogs so just make sure there is not a dog in the room next door. However they did take care of the barking dog next door immediately and it stopped for the rest of the night. That only happened once in all my stays.It still looks brand new on the inside. Highly recommend this hotel.
	Bad: Room too small and ice machine broke nice too small rooms. Good: Free water and apples
	Great shower! 24' gym is nice.rooms a little dated.
	We had a great time, day one at spring training, only to come back to our hotel which has been taken over by NASCAR people!! Now don't get me wrong, I love Nascar BUT..they took over the parking lot. We counted 30 trucks each of them taking up 3 spaces!!! We had to park down the street at another hotel.... More
	After a long drive it was nice to come to a nice, comfortable hotel and a quiet one.
	Horrible neighborhood and rooms were unclean
	Didn't clean our room one day for no reason, left early and came back late.
	The only thing about the Red Roof inn is its in the corner and it's tucked away from everything... so for me who didn't have a vehicle it's kind of difficult navigate to like the store and things like that I mean, but there are few places within walking distance...
	I expect VERY little from a hotel. I'm cheap by nature, and I really only want a door that locks and a shower that's hot. However, Hotel 502 made me rethink my low expectations and future travel plans. The front desk clerks ARE friendly and responsive, BUT, the rooms are very shabby and barely clean ('down there' hair on toilet seat, permanent mystery stain on sheets), the shower was cold/lukewarm (at best) and the neighborhood is less than desirable--LOTS of transients and sketchy folks wandering on property. I only paid 62 (+tax) per night, but if I had paid more I would have been really angry. As I said earlier, I really only want a locking door and hot shower (for 60+ I don't expect much). I can overlook the worn down rooms (I was told our room was renovated, but my mother stayed here when it was formally the Red Roof Inn, and said it looked the same, save a new t.v., and a different paint color on the bathroom wall). I can overlook the fact that a storm knocked out their WiFi and the pool was closed. I can overlook the people passed out drunk in their cars, and the less than clean room/bath. But NO hot shower Not good--even for 62 and some change. The only plus was the friendly front desk clerk--she gets kudos.
	The hotel was clean and neat. Staff was friendly. But it looks like a work in progress. The floors were basic concrete with no tile or carpet, the room only came with a small rug. The toilet was clean but didn't work too good. The fan in the restroom was very loud and about to fall apart because of some missing screws. The hot water took a very very long time to start coming out. And lastly, there was a big water leak in the last day that came from the ceiling in the restroom. We woke up to find a soaked floor and soaked toilet. Breakfast was good and the lobby was really nice. The pool area and the whole outside was nice as well. Now they just need to fix the rooms so they can match the rest of the hotel. I wouldn't stay there again only if I knew the rooms have had good work put into it.
	we love this place. the staff is always very accomodating and the rooms are super cute. the remodeled rooms are our favorite but the other rooms are nice too. great place for the price.
	I love the front desk an the manager an the maintenance it was good which is why I was there in the first place because of the plumbing in my apartment i enjoyed the pool the colored lights was nice .Hello Faith, Thank you for taking the time to review the hotel 502. We are happy that you enjoyed your stay. Take care and hope to see you again in the near future.
	Bad: The pillows were very flat and uncomfortable, and there was no real blanket on the bed!. Good: Location, staff, aesthetics, price.
	While making coffee one morning and trying to iron a shirt, the circuit tripped. The sad part was that the GFI was at the END of the electrical run, not the beginning, so I had to call down to the front desk and wait for someone to reset the circuit at the electrical panel. I shouldn't have blown in the first place, but it also should be re-wired properly.
	There was much to be desired. Air cond. didn't work well. No cups in bathroom. The housekeeping employees woke us up. we were not ready to get up before 8 A.M.
	Horrible
	it was great to have a nice big pool, i love the outside area and the patch of grass thats in there, o and have a breakfast thats way better then anything i can imagine thanks so much hope to book again,
	It's been my 12th-time stay at The Nolitan Hotel, of which I call home away from home. Here is why I keep coming back: 1. The staff is lovely, service oriented and overall great! 2. The rooms are clean, new and made by the best materials and in the exact size, you need for a short stay in the city. 3. The location is by far the best in terms of distance from subway, best stores (Ayr, KOIO, Outdoor Voices, DryBar) Restaurants (Mikakus Sushi, SweetGreens and Jacks Wife Freda)4. By far my favorite hotel in the city!Thank you Daniel for the review! As always we love to host you at the Nolitan! Let us know when you will be back )Best Regards.
	Our first family reunion in Atl I was very happy with staff professionalism and friendliness to help with suggests. One family had a room problem and it was handled in a timely matter. I would recommend this hotel
	This is a very clean hotel. The staff is always very friendly and extremely helpful! The breakfast is worth every penny and I would recommend trying the French toast. I stay here at least every six months and I am always very pleased with every aspect of my stay!
	Highly recommend this hotel for the proximity to downtown Atlanta. Excellent room with very good daily service. The water pressure in the shower was outstanding. Not something you find in lower quality hotels.
	We arrived at the hotel feeling positive about the location and warm-ish greeting at reception. This feeling did not last long. The pillows were really uncomfortable, both of the taps were hot, the AC was so loud and made a buzzing noise (we asked twice to have this fixed and nothing changed), the fire alarm went off at 3am and there was never really an excuse given as to what was going on, then (because we'd had no sleep) we put the 'do not disturb' sign on and the cleaner banged on our door repeatedly shouting 'housekeeping' until we answered. The water was shut off one evening from 11pm-3am which meant that when we had to go to the toilet it sat there for hours. No one informed us where a smoking area was so we assumed there was not one... this meant that we smoked out the front and got disturbed, bugged and pushed by homeless people asking for money, cigerettes, etc. It really was just one thing after the other. The cups were so rubbish that they leaked, my oartner hit his head on the shower because of a stupid bar across the top and they charged 50 dollars a night for a hold This was not really made clear at the beginning and I was left wondering why I was missing so much from my account. I have stayed in many hotels, hostels, bnbs over the years and had just stayed in 4 other places, all were LESS money and gave a better, quality experience.
	I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews talking about rooms that were dirty or need to be updated, but we found our room to be clean and without any problems. It even has a Keurig which is very nice. The location is perfect if you are going to the aquarium, Centennial Park, CNN, etc. There are... More
	Bad: I think the hotel could do more to promote the on site restaurant with newly arrived guests. My husband tried it and thought the food was great but if there'd been a deal or something to catch our attention I'm sure we'd have eaten breakfast there both mornings of our stay. I also think that although the space inside the rooms seems to be well used that there are some practical challenges with storage where existing space could be better used for the ease and comfort of guests. Good: Very comfortable beds. Not massive but cosy and we all slept well. The linens were clean and fresh and we enjoyed the L'Occitane products in the bathroom. The staff were friendly, kind and helpful.
	Spent a week here for work and the staff was wonderful. Very friendly and helpful. The do a wonderful job and make it very welcoming. I will return when I am back in town again. Location is nice with some good restaurants around.
	The front desk service was very good. The location and proximity to tourist attractions was great. The beds were very uncomfortable. We did have a problem with our room being cleaned one day which affected our ability to come back to the room and rest prior to dinner, however, when this was brought up to thefront desk they immediately addressed... More
	We had the most amazing stay! Not being from the area we didn't no much about the places around us so upon asking the front desk staff (Vanessa) we where given directions to everything we could need. Our time at the pool (conveniently we got roomed on the same floor as the pool) was amazing and much needed. Breakfast was... More
	Stayed one night for our medieval times trip. Booked a double bed. Staff very accommodating! Came with friends and was able to room close together. Indoor pool was clean however, the jacuzzi tub did not turn on and the water was not hot. Rooms were clean and bed was comfortable. Had four pillows per bed (bonus!! I Love excessive pillows... More
	What a wonderful surprise this hotel was to us!! We were greeted by the front desk and treated like royalty. Although we had to wait a half hour til our room was ready, they made sure we were comfortable and gave us bottled water. The room was GREAT. A huge bathtub was a delight. I don't normally take a bath... More
	I booked this hotel for our layover stay in Atlanta due to the proximity to the aquarium. Great hotel, extremely friendly and helpful staff, and the restaurant attached had amazing food! I highly recommend!
	Our stay was made so special by the staff here. They went above and beyond to ensure we were comfortable and had all we needed. They were determined to make our anniversary weekend a memorable one. The facilities were all clean and the helpful staff was always smiling.
	Great stay - very satisfied and pleased with the quality! Very conveniently located and very nice indoor pool! It was January but the outdoor pool looked nice! As a courtesy because the room was not ready they gave us free breakfast and a movie - and a different great room. very clean and good service.
	Great location for walking distance to the Atlanta Aquarium, World of Coke, CNN Center, and Centennial Park. MARTA station is a 10-15 minute walk. Legal Sea Food in the building. Unlike the Embassy Suites next door, the HGI does NOT include complementary breakfast.
	Very good location the Hotel it is walking distance to major Atlanta attractions. Breakfast with good selection of itens. Recepcionists very friendly and helpful. Wifi does not have the same standard as the Hotel, always down and very slow.
	Bad: The room lacked hanging space and was quite small. Good: The staff were friendly and helpful. The bar and restaurant were nice
	This hotel was an excellent pick for the convenience and location that it was in. We stayed in the King City-view w/whirlpool and for the price it was worth every penny. What i didn't know was that the Braves had a game that weekend and the hotel was sold out...That didn't matter. The staff made us feel like we were... More
	The location of this hotel is perfect. It's literally steps away from the aquarium, World of Coke and Centennial Park. Our room was clean and faced the Aquarium and World of Coke with a nice view of downtown. We kept the curtains open at night so we could enjoy the buildings. We were right around the corner from the elevators... More
	We stayed over a 3 day weekend. Can't beat the walk to the Aquarium, Childrens Museum and Olympic Park (2 good playgrounds for little ones) Valet parking was 32 bucks a night which we thought was a bit steep but it was very busy in the area surrounding the hotel so parking is scarce. Restaurant on site (Legal Seafood) had... More
	The location of the hotel was great. It was just a short drive to turner field and right across the street from the aquarium and the coke museum. The stay was good as you got your room cleaned daily with new towels and new soap. The breakfast was very good as it does cost around 12 for adults and... More
	This is a very nice hotel in a great downtown location. Accessible to all the attractions and very accommodating. I found it comfortable and clean. I like the complimentary drinks at the door and friendly staff. Our family really felt welcome and enjoyed this hotel the rooms were very relaxing.
	In town sights stay. Had trouble with the set up of the room 1st room was ok next room was ok both beds were amazing for sleep the city lights and sight was amazing to wake up to the sun rises in the pH right side of ele food was amazing breakfast had dinner at legal seafood was amazing drink... More
	Housekeeping did not clean my room. Trash was left on table and in trash can. Bath tub was visibly dirty and was not cleaned at all. Beds were made up but one bed was made up with a dirty comforter. I called front desk and they told me to put trash outside of door and someone brought a comforter and... More
	A smaller hotel with a European feel, if you don't mind the 7-8 blocks to Peach Tree center, this is an excellent value. The rooms are clean, the service efficient and friendly, the food (breakfast is all we ate) well done. Surprisingly the wifi was very fast for a free service. On the down side, there is not much happening... More
	In town for a sizeable training conference and was able to compare my hotel with the four other approved locations. This one was tops in upkeep, housekeeping, staff and price. Recommend you make your reservation as soon as you know your dates and then keep checking up to 72 hours within check-in. That's how I saved half the original cost.... More
	Overall had a good and positive stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Downtown Atlanta. The staff generally was courteous and helpful. The hotel was within 15 minutes walking distances of where I had to go for an arbitration training course.
	Bad: The minibar and the heating were noisy, but it didn't really disrupt our sleep. Breakfast was good, but perhaps the avocado toast was a bit small for the price. Good: The staff were all friendly and professional. Our room was clean and warm (it was cold out!) and had everything we needed. The drinks and food were very good, especially the Finch burger and the crab bennies at breakfast. Overall, we really liked the feel of the hotel and would definitely stay again, especially if we were going out of North Station again which is just around the corner.
	Our stay was fantastic, our room had a wonderful view of downtown Atlanta! Everyone was very hospitable, room was clean and comfortable. A special thanks to Mr. Gary Thomas for making sure the our stay was fantastic until the minute we pulled away from the hotel parking.
	I was going to be in downtown Atlanta for a convention and had to check in early. Looked at their website and called the local phone , followed instructions for 'in house reservations' (btw the voice mispronouncing Centennial is hilarious) to have our reservations confirmed. We had 2 rooms and the woman identified herself as Karla said the rooms are... More
	Manager Orlando was very accommodating on the phone and allowed us to have a great time in downtown Atlanta. The hotel is in a superb location and is easy walking distance to the most touristy sites in downtown ATL.
	A nice hotel. Overall nice people. No free breakfast as a Hilton Honors Diamond Member. Received a whopping 750 points total for not receiving 4 days of free breakfast. Nice gym. Nice pool. Clean room.
	I was disappointed in the following: - carpet had a lot of what looked like rolled pieces on paper on it - the liner for the shower curtain was missing - the t.v. did not work and I had to call to have it fixed - the hair dryer didn't work and I needed to call for a new one... More
	The staff was extremely accommodating whenever we needed. The room was clean and pleasant. The location was within walking distance to several great venues. Not having been in Atlanta before we had a hard time locating the entrance for checking in however.
	Well, there's lots of things I could say about this nice, modern hotel right across the street from the aquarium, Centennial Olympic Park and numerous restaurants. I could mention the outdoor pool on the 7th floor with fun views, the beds that have controls to adjust the firmness and that my room had a giant jacuzzi tub (in the bedroom,... More
	Within walking distance of major attractions.Rooms were clean and comfortable.Breakfast was simply delicious.The highlight for our family was how friendly all the staff were.Would stay there in a heartbeat.We went to the zoo and it started to pour,one of the desk ladies lent us her own umbrella,just blew us away.
	housekeeping staff said some very rude ugly words when we weren't ready to check out at 8:50 am !!! check out time is supposed to be at 11 am. everything else was awesome and everyone else was also awesome !
	An excellent team to assist you. Opt for the valet parking. Nice rooms restaurant on site, front desk service available for your needs. Closest hotel to aquarium. Walking distance to Phillips arena. Well priced value for sure.
	Good: The location was perfect for walking to everything
	The Hilton Garden Inn is in the heart of Centennial park. Walking distance to the College Football Hall Fame, World of Coke Cola, Aquarium, and the CNN center. Great restaurants right across the street, Stats, MAX pizza, Two BBQ. Not to mention Legal Seafood in the lobby of the Hilton Garden Inn. Awesome views of the sky line from the... More
	My family took a quick trip to Atlanta to primarily visit the Aquarium. We chose this hotel for its proximity. We were delighted to have a room on the 12th floor facing Centennial Park. The sunrises and sunsets were beautiful, and the night view of the ferris wheel and city lights just lovely. The room was a standard 2 Queen... More
	Just feels old. The parking deck is awful if you drive a truck that is equipped with a taller lift than standard. Check in and Check out is a little crazy and long lined but the rooms are nice and clean. Food is good... little cafe has many options.
	Overall this is a great property. The lobby, restaurant, and hotel rooms are really well done. Lots of nice touches with great designs. Tons of character here. We stayed in a double queen room which we thought had plenty of space. The gym is located between two floors and has a Peloton bike and the hotel provides the shoes. As a cycling, I thought this was awesome. I already had a Peloton login. The music in the gym, however, was too loud and we called to have it turned down and the staff couldn't figure out how to do it. The staff were all friendly and courteous - bellhops, front desk staff and concierge all included. Location very convenient to a number of places downtown. Beds and pillows were comfortable. TVs changed channels without the annoying 1 second delay at most other hotels. There's some construction going on at the property next door to be aware of, but it's New York and good luck finding somewhere without construction. Definitely recommend.Dear chitripguy, Thank you very much for your detailed and wonderful review. I am so glad you enjoyed our property from our comfortable rooms and the gym. We pride ourselves in service and i'm very happy to read you've enjoyed your stay. Hopefully we get to welcome you back again in the future!Warmest Regards, Nick HaferGeneral Manager
	Only an overnight stay this time but I know I will be back. The room was perfect as always. I was on the 5th floor in a king superior room. I had no view although it didn't matter at all. We had drinks on the patio outside the bar and it was extremely pleasant. Dinner at Atlas was superb and... More
	I LOVE this hotel... I've been traveling to Atlanta for work recently and it is uber convenient for me in a lovely neighborhood. But more than that, I feel super welcome and comfortable here. The staff is lovely and friendly and helpful. On my last stay I had a minor issue and got a personal email from manager apologizing- they... More
	I can't begin to describe how incredible this hotel is!! Service was beyond my expectations. Their devotion to 100 satisfaction was evident everywhere we went from the bar, the pool, room service, check-in/check-out, and valet. I am proud that my city has such a hotel to represent!!! I most definitely will return!
	A great classic hotel with old world charm and character and some great service from all the staff I interacted with. I stayed here for a week and this is one of the best hotels I have stayed in for some time. Large plush, quite rooms, attentive service, a good gym and good food in a handy location near Buckhead.... More
	We stayed here in November and had a wonderful stay. The restaurant, room service, bar and spa are amazing! Worth every penny and a place to experience! The shrimp and grits breakfast item is amazing!
	I love this place when the room rates are reasonable. The entire property is very upscale and the rooms are very spacious. This hotel makes you feel like you are on vacation while you are doing business. There is a terrific bar including outdoor seating when the weather cooperates. There are also several very good restaurants just outside the back... More
	Bad: Shower didn't drain propery, was puddle in shower when we checked in. Someone else's shower water left over, very gross. Good: Very friendly staff.
	Our experience at the St.Regis was great! All the staff was so attentive, nice and helpful. Valet was very helpful and nice those guys don't get the tips and credit they deserve! The kitchen staff was so nice to store my wedding cake and cut it and put it in boxes for us! The butter service was great everything I... More
	I was quoted a price over the phone of 383 weekly and even used my credit card to hold the room. On the day of check in i arrived and my room wasn't even ready even after 5pm then I was told that room would be over 500 per week and i couldn't afford that. All the man at the... More
	We travel to Six Flags over GA pretty frequently. This was our first and last time for staying at this hotel. I'm generally a 4-5 star reviewer of hotels, with the occasional 3 star, here and on Trip Advisor, but this was my worst experience. There are plenty of problems with this place, but I'll start with the pros:Pro: Location to 6 Flags and room comfort. Both of these and parking were fine.Cons: It is not an overstatement to say this was the worst check in experience I've ever had, and not one interaction with staff the rest of the stay would change that. From walking into the hotel to check-in to finally walking into my room was probably 45-60 minutes, and when you are traveling with family, it's late at night, and you have to get up early, that's 45 minutes you can use. I walked in to the hotel, and I was probably 3rd or 4th to check in, and the line never moved as it took them forever to resolve what appeared to be simple problems. I don't know what the other customer issues were, but they weren't the problems. By the time I got there, I could see why it took a long time. A routine check in with reservations took longer here then anywhere else. When I did finally get my room keys, I go up to room with family who have been waiting WAY TOO LONG, and the keys don't work (and yes, I've stayed in enough hotels to know how to use hotel key cards). So after trying for several minutes, I go back down to front desk, wait in line for about 5 more minutes for the two workers to take care of routine check ins, and have the worker re key the cards again (and this time I watched to make sure he did them, and they did work when I returned to room).In my room, I check the safe, and on the safe it has the note about if you don't want to be billed for not using the safe, tell front desk on check out. So the next morning, I tell front desk we didn't use the safe, and yet, he still put it on my bill and would not remove.And this is why I think it is a Quality Brand issue. They aren't checking on their hotels at all. This comment has been made repeatedly on this website and the Choice Hotels website, but it is a problem.On the 3rd floor, the elevator has only 1 button, since you can only go down, but the arrow points up (little thing that make no difference on my stay, but demonstrate lack of care). The privacy door latch was put up backwards, so that it couldn't do anything to keep someone from opening the door. These lack of attention to details isn't a big thing by themselves, but the accumulation of them is a general sloppiness in maintenance that is apparent.Dear Guest. I would like to personally apologize for the series of unfortunate incidences that you experienced during your stay with us. We continually try to do our very best for all of our guests, but unfortunately, sometimes we do fail. I will look into each issue that you have noted, in an attempt to correct and improve our hotel policies. Sincerely, Hotel Manager
	The staff was really friendly and helpfull The loccation of the hotel is great cause its only two blocks from central park , two blocks from the subway and within walking distance from cafes and restaurants The building is really old and uncleen and needs reinovation NOW ! The kitchen and everything in it was too dirty to use Wifi was available only at the lobby There was an area to chill like living room on -1 but was too spooky to chill I stayed on the 4th floor , the door of my room was broken and was really difficult to open and close The room and the bathroom were old but clean enough Also the matress and pilow was too small Finaly the heat on the room was too strong and you couldn't control it so you couldn't stay in the room nor sleep
	My room was a nice one. Clean and comfortable. I was here with a group - 20 rooms booked for 4 nights stay and the hotel staff could not have been more professional or accommodating. If we decide to make our event an annual one, we will definitely come back here.
	In the event you are trying to beat Atlanta traffic for one night, staying at a Hampton Inn by Hilton is the perfect choice. It gave me the opportunity to get to doing a important personal task without worries about think about my normal long commute.
	Room was nice and tidy, absolutely loved the sheets. They were incredibly comfortable and I didn't want to get out of bed. Wish there was more variety in the vending machine area though. I only had coke or sprite to choose from on my floor.
	My husband and I have been coming to Atlanta for years to visit First Baptist Atlanta Church. We have always stayed at the Hampton Inn-Perimeter Center on Hammond Dr., and we've never been disappointed! The accommodations here are always very clean and spacious, the breakfast is quite good, the staff is always super friendly and helpful, parking is right at... More
	The hotel seemed old and when I checked into my room there was a dirty rag left on the counter in the bathroom. In addition, there was mold around the handicap bar at the end where it meets the wall. When I checked in the hotel they could not find my HH.
	We stayed here for one night while attending a Braves game. The room was clean, bed was very comfortable and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was great having easy access to 285, restaurants/shops close by and the MARTA station is just a short drive away. We will defiantly stay here again.
	Bad: Room servicing late in the day. Good: Great hotel. Friendly staff.
	Linens were dingy, took a while to locate my Reservation although I booked it through the hotel. The housekeeping staff was pleasant. Located in a central area. Overall it was ok confusing though it's situated next to 2 other hotels and a condominium
	Swiftly cleaned rooms just like most hotels. The staff are the best part about staying here. Shawn and Bianca N. are my favorites. Without hesitant, go to the moon and back to make sure you feel at home. It's hard to find that at other branches in Metro Atlanta. Bianca N. and Shawn are the Dynamic duo. Whether you need something as small as dishes to needing a laugh. They are the perfect ones.Chanel, thank you for making Extended Stay America -Atlanta - Clairmont a part of your travel plans. We are delighted your stay with us was exceptional and that our associates exceeded all of your expectations. I will share your wonderful compliments with Shawn and Biance. Thank you for being our guest, and we look forward to that next visit.Sincerely,General Manager
	Entire staff was both accommodating and extreemly pleasant. Room was very clean and quiet. I recommend this hotel and plan to stay there when I visit Atlanta later in the new year. The only thing that could be improve upon is to serve a full breakfast buffet YUM!I want to thank you for taking the time to post a review of your stay. It is pleasing to know you were well accommodated by our staff and that you would recommend our hotel. Thank you again for your review. It would be our pleasure for you to repeat your experience with us in the future.
	I needed a place away from the airport noise and chose this hotel. The small kitchen with refrigerator is very convenient for someone like me that likes to save some money on food. The room was clean and the employees super nice. I recommend anyone to stay here!We appreciate you taking the time to share your experience and for choosing to stay with us. I'm so pleased to hear that you valued the fully equipped kitchen in your room, the cleanliness of your room, and your overall stay at our hotel. The staff and I would like to thank you again for posting your review. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future!
	To be fair I went into this hotel with high expectations based off of multiple stays at the Redbury in LA. Its my go to in LA because of how amazing it is - it is my third or fourth hotel in the US hands down. The Redbury NYC doesnt compare. The hotel itself a little unkempt. Not in a trendy vintage way but in a needs some TLC way. We stayed in a deluxe double, the beds are really small, view was bleh, and there was a lot of construction across the street so it was noisy on our side early in the morning (not the fault of the hotel obviously) I can handle all the above and it wouldnt have been an issue however the service is what was so disappointing to me. The bellhop (if you can call him that) was rude and mumbled things under his breath after I asked for help to get luggage to the room. Note: I had to ask - when I was clearly walking in with two daughters and luggage. We called to the front to ask for cutlery, they said they would check and see if they had any and bring it up twenty minutes later my husband had to go and get it. We never heard from them. No one was overly friendly with the exception of two staff one being the housekeeper who was cleaning the rooms on the 6th floor when we checked in. She had great energy and went out of her way to ask what we needed and if she could help in any way. And the second was a gentleman who answered the concierge call when we had a few questions about parking. Outside of that this hotel really needs to step up there customer service game. See also my review of Marta. Same theme, very flat, non- engaging staff. Delicious pizza though. So its almost like you have a great product but your front line isnt selling it. Overall average which is disappointing for this brand. Thank you for sharing your feedback, Domenica.We regret that your experience with us was less than ideal. We're disappointed to hear the service you received wasn't up to par. Providing our guests with exceptional service is something we take seriously. Please know this will be addressed with the appropriate members of our team so we may improve for the future.We hope you'll give us another chance to show you the service we're truly capable of providing.
	The photo's looked fantastic. Our room however was not. The, a/c in the room was sellotaped into the window and was so noisy we couldn't sleep. Rooms were small. View was invisible due to the filthy windows and construction work opposite. The shower leaked and flooded the bathroom. The sink had no plug. No table or chest of drawers or anything in the room. This is in my opinion is scraping a 3 star if that definitely not a 4.We appreciate the feedback, Russell.We're disappointed that your stay with us was less than ideal. It's unfortunate you've noticed a decline in the quality of our accommodations, and that you had such challenges with your room. We care about the comfort of our guests so we'll address your concerns with our team moving forward.We hope for the opportunity to host you again soon for a more positive experience.
	We stayed in a King Suite for 4 nights over the July 4th weekend. I can hardly express how good and positive our stay was. Breakfast was very good. The staff was always attentive and kind and helpful. We had difficulty with a flat screen in the bedroom and as we were stepping out for a few hours on Sunday,... More
	We recently stayed at the Silver Cloud Inn to go to the Maroon 5 concert and were very pleasantly surprised. Staff was very friendly and helpful. They have a complimentary shuttle bus to take you to the tourist spots. The best was the pool which is opened 24 hours! We did a day of sightseeing and then relaxed and had... More
	Great breakfast buffet each morning. Definitely adds value to the price. But otherwise, not a great stay. I think their cleaning crew must be understaffed. One day they didn't take out our trash or give us bath rugs or hand towels. The six of us in a two bedroom suite shared towels and used a washcloth -- a washcloth! -- for a rug. The next day we didn't get any maid service at all! At 6:00 pm, we went downstairs and asked for our own towels. The little market store downstairs was sold out of bottled water for two of our five day stay. Not having water after a long day of city walking was a real disappointment. And there is no easy market or store within walking distance, so we were chugging tap water. Yuck. My son got sick one night, so we hoped for ginger ale or Sprite or something to settle his stomach. Nope. All they had was Mountain Dew.The location across from Lake Union was pretty, but not convenient for downtown activities. We had to wait up to 20 minutes for an Uber driver during peak hours. That was poor planning on my part to book here, but I had no idea that Uber would be so difficult. Despite the challenges, we did have a decent stay. Our two room suite was spacious and comfortable. And again, the breakfast was really fantastic.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for your recent stay with us and providing your honest feedback. On behalf of our team, I apologize we fell short of meeting our expectations but most importantly yours. It is guest as yourself who help improve our hotel and provide better service in the future. I apologize for the inconvenience of your downtown travels in Seattle. However, I am glad you were comfortable in our luxurious two-bedroom suite. Respectfully,
	My wife and I stayed here for three nights in April, coming from Victoria on the Clipper. The hotel was very conveniently located, just four blocks from the ferry terminal. We were met by Lee, who was very courteous, and very helpful with suggestions and directions for sightseeing and restaurants. The room was very nice, and very quiet. We enjoyed happy hour in the lobby, and we had one dinner in the restaurant downstairs. The ambience is very retro. The front-desk and cleaning staff were wonderful. We could do all of the sightseeing we wanted on foot. Chihuly Garden and Glass was a highlight. Highly recommended.Dear Guest,Thank you for this fantastic review! Our location really is ideal for 'on-foot' sightseeing of the Chihuly Museum/Space Needle as well the Pike Place Market. Nice when we are perfectly placed in the middle of these two iconic spots! Your kudos for Lee are so appreciated as well. We pride ourselves on making guests feel as if they've traveled to a home away from home, so it would be our greatest honor to welcome you back as our guests again in the future. Please feel free to reach out to me directly when you consider your next trip to Seattle :)Best Regards,David Bayley
	Nothing Very friendly staff and very helpful
	Location great. Walking distance to everything we wanted to see. Room great. Staff very helpful. Lee, the lovely lady who first saw us when we booked in couldn't have been more helpful. She gave us lots of information about Seattle and was extremely friendly and helpful. Lee went above and beyond in customer service.
	We stayed for 1 night for the Pearl Jam show , great friendly staff , all the amenities you need , cool retro rooms.Awesome location, a short stroll to Pike Place Market.Will stay again on our next trip to Seattle for sure !!Hey Harry!Thanks SO SO much for the great review. It was a pleasure having the two of you stay with us and getting to chat Pearl Jam and old Seattle rock. It would be great to see you two down from BC again soon!Cheers until then,David Bayley
	This hotel is conveniently located off 1-10 but for the price we were a bit disappointed. The carpet in the hallway on our floor was very wrinkled, needs to be restretched or replaced and we had a lot of trouble getting our door open as the keylock was rickety and had a sort of personality of its own you had to lean on the door at the same time as putting the keycard in the slot. There was a lot of noise from someone in the room above us, walking or jumping on the floor which of course was our ceiling. It went on for a long time and made it so my mom couldn't sleep so I called the front desk to complain. The front desk clerk must have called them so it stopped for a good while, happened again briefly and then stopped for the night. The breakfast was good, pretty standard for La Quinta and I liked that they had Mexican salsa, fried potatoes and good sized disposable paper coffee cups. I don't like the weird industrial type scrambled eggs at this and other La Quintas because they don't even seem like real eggs at all, more like some liquid egg heated in a microwave. They have little flavor and the texture leaves a lot to be desired. Wish they were real, freshly cooked eggs and that someone in top management at La Quinta headquarters would pay attention and improve that. That would definitely improve my opinion of their breakfasts!Dear Traveler,Thank you for choosing our property for your traveling needs. We are working on plans to renovate the hotel this year. It is our hope you will come back and see us again. Sincerely, Vickie W.
	My daughter and I stay here on our way to California. Our was nice, our room was clean and very pleasant. The location of the hotel was very close to I-10. However as the night progress and more guest arrived, we could hear footsteps above us as the guest walked around. Also we had a non-smoking room, but we could smell cigarette smoke from our restroom.
	We enjoyed a great stay at La Quinta and would stay here again for the value and proximity to the fwy! Overall, a great value for the price!! Good sized guestroom and bathroom. It was clean and quiet. And we enjoyed the variety of breakfast item's that were served buffet style!!
	We really enjoyed our overnight stay here. The bed was comfortable. It was clean and quiet. The location is nice and close to the freeway with a lot of food choices close by. We were able to bring our dog, too! Recommended.
	We had 4 rms for family reunion. Our stay was a great experience. All our family needs and requests were met and service exceeded our expectations. The rms were clean and restful. The kids had a balst in the pool and breakfast exceeded our needs. Great job tonthe intire staff in Arizona
	The 2 room suite was great and the overall service was outstanding. The price of the suite was very reasonable. The provided Breakfast was great and the front desk personnel were outstanding. We could not have asked for better service. We will stay there on all of our trips to Phoenix.
	This is a nice hotel in a good location close to some shopping and several food options. Because of its setup, it is pretty quiet at night which is nice considering it's on a main drag. The woman at the main desk was very pleasant and got us checked in quickly with no wait. It was around 8:00pm when we got there.The room was spacious and clean which is always appreciated especially at a reasonable price. My only complaint was that the ice machine on our floor was broken and most of the drink selections were empty so we had to go back down to the main floor to find what we were looking for.The breakfast was decent for the price we paid. There was fruit, yogurt, eggs, cereal, juice, bagels and waffles. The standard spread that one would expect. The food was continually stocked which was nice. My only complaint was the seating was very limited. There was not enough room for the amount of people showing up to breakfast, so we and a couple other groups had to stand for a while until someone offered us a seat.There also is a pool at this hotel which looked nice, but unfortunately, I didnt get to try it out. But from the looks of the people out on the patio, people loved it and it looked very well kept.I would definitely stay here again!
	I was very pleased with my room here. The bed was comfortable. The hotel was quiet and well maintained. The complimentary breakfast was good, and the seating area was spacious and clean. I found the bed comfortable. Parking area was spacious. Close to the airport. Great value for the cost.
	Beautiful property and every staff member I encountered (front desk, housekeeping, breakfast hosts and GM) provided beyond excellent customer service! It's also conveniently located near restaurants, grocery stores starbucks and is a short drive to the freeways. I will definitely be back!
	Bad: The restaurant was closed for a refurb and as a result we had to eat our breakfast in the lobby on our knees. We had tiny plastic plates and plastic cutlery and a poor food choice . I was not informed by booking.com that this was the case . It was not the service we wanted for 675 dollars for 2 nights!!. Good: The room was good
	We checked in late on Friday night. The desk clerk was very friendly and quick to help us get checked in. The only issue wass when we went to get in the room. You could only turn the handle upward to open the door. We met Alicia, manager at the front desk. the next morning. She was very informative of the surrounding area and helped us get around to places that we wanted to go to. The bathroom and whole room was very clean and pleasant. The whole staff were friendly professional. This will be my hotel of choice when I come to the Phoenix area. Thanks to Alicia and all the staff for helping in making it a great weekend stay.
	Front desk/service personnel were very friendly, room was very clean, AC unit worked very well and breakfast was one of the best of all the La Quinta's I have stayed. Highway 10 access is fast and several gas stations plus fast food restaurants are within 1/4 mile.
	Hotel is undergoing renovation and lots is construction personnel inside the hotel. The carpet in the hallway was very tired from all of the foot and wheel barrow traffic. Im sure hoping that it will be replaced as part of the renovation. My stay was satisfactory, but couldve been nicer without all the work going on.
	I stay at this hotel for 2 weeks. And the staff was always very up beat and friendly and always ready to help. The Hotel was clean inside and out. There was always fresh cookie at the front desk along with a smile on the stuff person no matter who the person was behind the counter.
	The staff made it a very enjoyable stay. After check in the front desk clerk made fresh cookies and lemonade. The rooms were very clean and fresh smelling. The breakfast was very good and fresh. Will stay on our return trip.
	Fine place to stay. Close to freeway with easy on/off access. Breakfast was what was to be expected at a LQ Inn and Suites. Internet connection was lacking. Would stay here again if in this area of Phoenix.
	Stayed three nights on the way back to Phoenix Airport at the end of our holiday.The rooms were roomy clean but three light fittings didn't work, and neither did the TV remote.The pool was closed for one day when an underwater light fitting loosened and floated to the top of the water with electrical cables attached to the mains!!When visiting the breakfast area at 9.20am one morning, vitually nothing was left and it wasn't replenished. We had cereal and toast and that was it!!The redeeming feature at this hotel was Anthony on front desk. He was extremely welcoming, friendly and made us feel at home. I would stay there again because of the service given to us by him.
	We stayed here in the heat of summer with our dog. While there isn't a huge dog area outside, walking down the business park street behind the hotel provided enough space for our dog to unwind from a long car ride. On leash. Breakfast was standard, hard boiled eggs, waffles, yogurt, cereal, etc.. good coffee. The staff was just awesome in the friendly department. And 2 steak houses are within 3 miles, and super cheap gas at Circle K is close as well.
	my experience here at la quinta was amazing when i visited pheonix. i recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a luxurious stay at an affordable price. their services were great and so was the scenery and other things about th eroom and hotel.
	We checked into this hotel on Saturday for one night. Check in was smooth and easy. We asked for a first floor room when we reserved. They only had an ADA room left which was fine with us. We travel with a lab and first floor is easier for her. The hotel was quite pet friendly but the dog walking area was limited and there was no bag and disposal station. The location is convenient and right off I10. The area is a little run down but I not to the point of feeling any safety issues. The room was comfortable and clean with the usual amenities. The air conditioner was hard to get on the right temperature. The was no wall temperature setting so you had to adjust it at the unit which was an older knob type. It took quite a while before we were not frozen out (which is better than the alternative in Phoenix). The hallway carpet was getting a little worn and could stand to be replaced. On to the breakfast. This was a pleasant surprise as it was better thsn the typical La Quinta breakfast. First of all there was real coffe, not an instant machine. There was also sausage links and multiple berry toppings for the waffles and whipped cream. I usually don't eat these things for breakfast but since they had them it was a nice treat. The cinnamon toast also looked inviting.Overall a good stay for one night. Given the lack of other things to do at that location I would not consider it for an extended stay.
	Bad: the room was not very big and a couple more hooks here and there would have been nice to hang coat, towels etc. Good: nice decoration, well located
	This was the dirtiest and least appealing of all La Quintas that we have stayed in. The main floor hallway carpets were dirty and actually starting to lift in places. The room had old and ripped furniture and looked worn out. A simple thing like a bed skirt looked stained and very old. This hotel needs a complete Reno from exterior to interior including the grounds around the hotel. The surrounding area looked unsafe and gave us a feeling never to walk around at night. There were no family restaurants in the area.Mal,I'm so sorry that your experience did not live up to expectations. We never want our guests feeling unsatisfied or unsafe. I will make sure and forward your comments on to the general manager to make sure that this remains an isolated incident.Sincerely,La Quinta Customer Care Team
	Room was very clean ! They have a breakfast room ! Toast,bagels,cereal, juice, hardboiled eggs ! The have instant coffee ! Not a big fan of instant coffee ! Was reasonable priced ! Spent three nite ! Dear Traveler, We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us. Thank you for taking the time to post a review on behalf of your stay with us. We look forward to providing you with exceptional service during your travel needs. Sincerely, Vickie W.
	this has been our 4 or 5 th time we have stayed here for about 4 weeks and as always if not better our stay was excellent.Still miss our morning hugs from the staff at breakfast,hope to see you all next year. H
	Linda the front desk gal was just Awesome, we would recommend this hotel for sure. Food was great for breakfast, our room was clean and the bed comfortable. The service was amazing from Linda at the front desk, to the cleaning ladies, sweet people.Dear Traveler, Thank you for posting a review. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay. I will share this review with Linda and staff. Thank you mentioning Linda, she really enjoys her job. Sincerely, Vickie W.
	This is a nice LaQuinta hotel. We came back from Bearazona wildlife park after going there with our dogs Timmy and Peanut. They were so understanding about getting us a room as close to a door on the first floor as possible. The rooms are clean with a fridge and a microwave in it. We are booked in February again for our road trip back to Las Angeles.
	We booked this particular La Quinta because its location off I-10 was convenient for our long roadtrip. Great price on hotel website, and room was new and clean. My son liked the pool, and it was nice to have complementary waffles and fruit for breakfast. Staff were friendly and helpful. There were a couple of shady characters hanging around outside, but we never felt unsafe. I have a feeling this area might not be the best part of town.
	Hotel has a smell.. Business office computers were not working and there was water dripping in the business office. Staff were friendly. Room was clean. Lighting in room could have been better.. I usually stay at hilton brand hotels, but all were sold out, or over 250, so I selected the la quinta.Dear Traveler, Thank you for choosing our property for your travel needs. We appreciate your feedback. We are addressing the issues you experienced during your stay and look forward to providing you exceptional service. We hope to see you again. Sincerely,Vickie W.
	Room was clean, price was reasonable, reception staff weren't overly friendly but were pleasant, maid service staff were very friendly. I did not have breakfast but my husband did and he was satisfied (he is however easy to please). Possibly would stay here again- it served its purpose for this trip.Dear Traveler, Thank you for staying with us and posting a review. We enjoyed having you as our guest. I am happy to hear that the housekeeping was friendly. Housekeeping really enjoys meeting our and guests and providing them with a clean room. We hope you will come back and see us again. Sincerely, Vickie W.
	Be aware that this hotel is currently being renovated. My room itself was OK, though the bathroom didnt seem like the renovation was finished. Poorly installed sockets and a cracked shower unit. The peephole on the door wasnt complete and had a Kleenex stuffed in it. I assume the construction also affected the breakfast, which was way below the style I expect at a La Quinta. Rate was too high for the level of room and breakfast provided. Dear Traveler, Thank you for taking the time to post a review on behalf of your stay with. We apologize that some of the renovations were taking place during your stay. It is through your feedback that we are able to improve what we do. It is our hope you will come back and see us again. Sincerely, Vickie W.
	This Residence Inn is kind of out of no where - it's pretty far from the center of city and has lots developments in the area. That being said, there are good restaurants/coffeeshops around within 3-5 mins drive. Their price for the room in summer is GREAT! Not sure if I would pay for what they ask for in spring though.Dear Jui-Yu C,Thank you for choosing the Residence Inn Phoenix North/Happy Valley for your recent travels to Phoenix. Commitment to service and guest satisfaction is a main focus and we are delighted to hear you enjoyed your stay. The pride and dedication our hotel team takes in providing exceptional customer service to our valued guests speaks strongly to our companys core values, good service at a fair price.Thank you again for taking the time to provide your feedback and we look forward to serving you again soon!
	Bad: Just want to say paying 330 for one night would have been nice too get breakfast included in the price. . Good: At least it wasnt too far from TD garden.
	I had to attend a meeting here and decided to stay the night. The room was clean and the staff was pleasant. Nice pool andJacuzzi. Coffee shop also served Starbucks coffee but had their own sandwiches which were really good and worth the price. Most of the other guests there also had breakfast there rather than in the nearby mall and were happy with their orders as well. The mall is also quite near, walking distance with a wide selection of food.
	I had a surprisingly disappointing stay at what I thought was supposed to be a nice hotel. We were moving apartments close by, and I booked a 3 night stay. The service was almost non-existent. We asked for a crib before check-in, then again three separate times after we checked in. It finally arrived after 11 PM! We asked for silverware so that we could eat our room service. Never brought it. We ended up eating with coffee stirrers in the room. No one offered a smile or hello, or offered to open a door when I was coming through with a stroller. The rooms are very dated. Overall, just a very disappointing stay. It seems like this hotel is just resting on a famous name.Dear LK198200,Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. While we wish you had a better experience, it is feedback like this that we learn from and use to improve. We work hard to deliver an exceptional guest experience, and it's apparent in this case that we fell short. It is important to us to do what we can to make amends for your stay. If you would like to further discuss your visit, please don't hesitate to reach out to our Hotel Manager, Massimiliano Puglisi, directly at Massimiliano.PuglisiRosewoodhotels.com. If you give us a chance to earn back your trust, I can assure you that we will do our best to give you the great hotel experience that so many of our guests have grown so fond of. Wishing you all the best!Sincerely, The Carlyle Family
	We arrived at the beginning of July for a 7 night stay. Check in was quick staff friendly. We were upgraded to a room with a kingsize bed given free wifi on the 11th floor.Throughout our stay our room was kept spotless with fresh towels and shampoos etc refilled on a daily basis. On our last day we were able to stay in our room until 13.00hrs at no extra charge then our suitcases stored by the staff for 1 per case.We asked about purchasing a jar of cookies to bring home but unfortunately they were not available until 17.00hrs, however seeing the disappointment on our faces Jessica went the extra mile spoke with management we were able to purchase two tins We also were given a few free ones to have on our journey home!We will definitely return to this hotel when we are next back in New York. Ideal location and close enough to be within a short walk of Times Square but away from the hustle bustle of all the crowds. Thank you to all the staff at this hotel.Thanks for sharing this lovely review, Kathryn!We're thrilled to hear you enjoyed your stay with us at our prime location to Times Square. It's our pleasure to accommodate you and we appreciate your praise. Jessica is an excellent member of our team. She always goes above and beyond for our guests. You can see why we love having her here so much!We're looking forward to sharing another amazing experience with you soon. Have a beautiful day!
	Bad: Nothing. Good: Hotel staff very friendly and helpful. The cleanliness of the facility was also great. We have stayed at the Westin a few times and will continue in the future.
	Bad: No pool or jacuzzi. Good: Location, clean
	Bad: Nothing so far. Good: Perfect location to see the city. The hotel is comfortable, clean and spacious and excellent value for money. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.
	Bad: No on site Spa Services, concierge was unable to give us any well thought out options. We secured our own Spa appointments.
	Bad: Possibly lower parking rates,.
	Bad: The price was a little steep. Good: The location was great! Right we're we wanted to be.
	Bad: Too expensive, thought when I booked that happy hour and breakfast were included. The room was not worth 300.00 a night. Good: Loved the location and view
	The bed was uncomfortable It was close walking distance to everything
	Bad: Everything was so good!! None!. Good: Everything! Oh my! What a view! Staff was wonderful, Bed pillow soft!! Food delicious! Access to so much! Perfect stay!! Next time I plan on coming with my husband so he can experience this wonderful place! He is a big Cub fan! He will love the Westin Inn North Chicago too!
	Bad: The appetizers 5-7pm were the same for 4 nights in a row. Please provide some variation. Good: Breakfast buffet on the 20th floor was wonderful
	Bad: Shaving Stuble in the sink and I tried to book a King and got a Double. Good: Location
	Good: Love the location on the Chicago River. I liked the hotel before the Remodel. Dispointed no Christmas tree in the lobby. Bedding as always super comfy (I like Westin hotels). . I've stayed here many times and if the price is right will continue, however if your looking to walk into a hotel and get wow factor, this one is not for you.
	Bad: Getting the wrong key to check in the key they gave us was somebody else's room, and spoiled coffee creamer not fun getting dressed to go downstairs and get a cuppa coffee.
	Bad: The only thing that makes me upset is the rate for car parking 70 dollars crazy but i went with it still a great place. Good: The hotel was wonderful the rooms very roomy the view fantastic 15th floor
	Bad: Can't think of anything. Good: The bed was very comfortable and the room was spacious.
	This Hotel was amazing. My husband and I came here for one night to celebrate our 4 year wedding anniversary. The staff was very accommodating and let us check in early. Andrew the front desk guy was awesome and sent us a bottle of champagne after I told him why we were here. The room was nice and spacious and the shower is on another level. There are lots of restaurants near by and places to walk to. The light rail is right next to the hotel so it was super easy to get to the restaurants and bars further downtown. We would definitely stay here again. Thank you Andrew for making our stay amazing!Hello Amanda D, We thought you were pretty amazing too! I'll definitely share your accolades with the rest of the team. We hope you can try our restaurant, MATCH Restaurant and Lounge next time you stay. We hope to see you again soon.Thanks!
	I wanted to surpirse my boyfriend by not having to go home after picking him up from the airport and everything about the hotel was PERFECT. The location and hotel didn't feel like we were in Phoenix, and we live here!We're so happy to hear you had a wonderful time! Please visit again soon.
	We had a great stay at The Foundre while in town for a concert. Everything about this hotel was hip right down to the buttons in the elevators. The art was awesome...the Burt Reynolds painting still continues to make me laugh. Be sure to check out the artwork of Phoenix made out of recycled security envelopes and checks...so cool! The room had an industrial-style and were uber-clean. Beds were comfy. Located right next to the lightrail it is an easy ride to the center of downtown Phoenix. Oh and the staff was friendly and helpful!Wow! Thank you so much for this awesome review! We're so happy to hear you had a great stay and loved the hotel. Hope you will visit again soon.
	Good: Staff was great, room small but clean and organized well. Location to TD Garden and restaurants awesome.
	Industrial vibe, very new. Comfortable rooms. Fair value. Good location. Other food and coffee options in walkable distance. Ate breakfast onsite two mornings -- the menu is diverse and creative with good prices.Thank you Joel! We're happy to hear you had a great stay. We hope to welcome you again in the future.
	this is a fantastic hotel, i think it is a hidden gem located in the arts district of Phoenix. It is a fairly new hotel, very different, in a good way, from your typical hotel. The grounds are spotless, plenty of fun places to eat all within walking distance. I would not say it is within walking distance in the middle of summer in Phoenix to Chase Field or Talking Stick Arena. But the light rail has a stop right in front of the hotel and with your game ticket it is a free ride or for 4 bucks per person you can ride the light rail anywhere all day. Valet parking, only option, is 25 per day but they were great. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Rooms are the best part, very industrial but super cool. Concrete floors with plenty of area rugs.Neat shower and here would be the only complaints. The room is very open, the bath room only has frosted glass between the bathroom and rest of the room. Light from the bath room floods the rest of the room, especially on night runs to the bathroom. And has at least one other has said, you hear ALL noises coming from the bathroom which can be embaressing. We were in room 709, top floor king room with balcony and had an inflatable bed which I slept on (25 per night) It was a south facing room and had a great view of the city. 100 percent recommend this hotel, plenty of art all around. Just a fun place, the hotel is a destination, just like a Disney HotelThank you so much! We're so happy to hear you had such a wonderful stay. Hope to see you again soon.
	Brilliant design, great and thoughtful creative art. Service was the same. Creative bar menu, knowledgeable bartenders, especially Maxwell. Room- well designed, interesting design with iron industrial structures. Bathroom with double sided sink, large walk in shower is great. Loved the Bass Egg Bluetooth speaker was a surprise bonus. Try out Found:Re!Thank you Douglas for this amazing review! We're so happy to hear you had a great experience. We hope to see you again soon!
	I have to say this hotel more than fit the bill for my five night stay in Phoenix. The valets were always very helpful and prompt (one of them was a hoot). The front desk staff was very nice and helpful. Two of the ladies (one in the morning and one in the evening) always asked about my day and were impressed with everything I had been to see. My room was spacious and the bathroom was a bit strange in its layout (sink extends from outside into the shower area), but it grew on me. They gave me plenty of pillows and the bed was comfy My only issue is that the walls are a little thin (or it could have been the connecting doors), cause I could hear my neighbors very clearly a few times. The hotel is located right near US-10 and is in walking distance of the Phoenix Art Museum and the northern part of downtown. Sad to leave but overall a great stay.Hi jehenson81!Thank you for sharing your experience with us. I'll definitely share you accolades with the rest of the team. I know they'll be thrilled to hear your kind words. I'll also share your feedback about the rooms with connecting doors with our design team. Next time you book your reservation, please reach out to me at mrykalskyfoundrehotels.com and I'll make sure you are set-up in a room without a connecting room. We hope to see you again soon!Thanks!
	I stayed in 809, and it was an absolute blast. The view and overall feeling of the suite exactly what I needed. Treat yourself to it, and walk the hotel to view a ton of local art. It's everything I want in a downtown hotel. Beautiful design, comfy rooms, that wow factor, local focused, and friendly staff.Thank you so much for this awesome review! We hope you'll come back and stay with us again soon.
	I looked around quite a bit for a decent pet-friendly hotel, and this fit the bill nicely. Everyone is very nice and friendly. The hotel itself is very comfortable and nicely appointed. If you like modern hip vibe design, this is a good place to be. It's close to restaurants and the Japanese Friends Garden, a very large park next door (though not sure why they call it Japanese since nothing about it is Japanese). I only had drinks at the bar and chose to eat across the street at the Moroccan restaurant. The bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly. The only drawback about this hotel is the lack of sound proofing. My last morning (Saturday), I was woken very early by the person in the room next door with their music blaring. Also, the music from the bar is very, very loud, and there were several people hanging outside the lobby in front of their car with their music turned up so loud it was shaking the windows. My poor dog was so scared. Also, I was gone all day the first full day there, and came back at 830pm to find my room still had not been cleaned. Minor inconvenience.Hi! Thank you for taking the time to write a review! Glad to hear you and your pup had a comfortable stay. There are actually two parks next to us, and you were most likely in Hance Park, not the Japanese Friendship Garden as there is a fee and the grounds there are built and landscaped just as they are in Japan. Perhaps on your next stay we can get you pointed in the right direction. As far as the noise issues you experienced, we are already looking in to ways we can improve this. We apologize for any inconvenience it may have caused for you and your dog. We will also address the issue with your room to see why it hadn't been cleaned while you were away. Again, thanks for this review and we will use it to improve and hopefully see you again in the future.
	This was one of the most memorable hotels I've stayed at from it's eclectic and fun vibe to the gracious and friendly staff. We were greeted by Angel who was top notch at explaining the hotel re-image as well as was incredibly thorough on explaining the room we reserved, it's accommodations and the awesome tablet that is a connection has everything you'll need from room service to tourist information. I will be coming to Phoenix more often in the coming years and this hotel will be where I will be staying. The room was clean and gorgeous. We were taking pictures for the first few minutes of arriving because the set-up was so appealing and balcony view of downtown Phoenix was breathtaking. We stayed in the balcony king suite and for the price-point it was such a great value. I will be recommending this hotel to anyone visiting central Arizona. Thank you to the staff and management for making a quick one night trip so much fun. You all did a superb job at conveying what your ideology for a great hotel is. P.S. The amount of charging/usb charging ports you have around the room make a techy like me giddy. James! Thank you for making out day! We're so happy to hear you loved the hotel and enjoyed your stay. We appreciate you taking the time to share your experience with us. We do hope you will come back and visit us again soon.
	Our whole experience here was really positive. Rooms were clean, comfy and cosy with some fun artwork. Staff were friendly and accommodating. The food at the downstairs restaurant was delicious too and parking was really easy. Would thoroughly recommend.Thank you for this amazing review Melissa! We hope you will visit again soon.
	As Christian I found this hotel inappropriate because of what I think were sexually suggestive photos and art work. I would not recommend this hotel for families with children because of the photos and Artwork. Hi Delia, our intention is never to offend anyone. One of our values is community and in that we are inclusive of people of all walks of life. We curate all local art from local artists to support our local community but also to support different values and showcase different views from everyone. We certainly understand that not everyone will enjoy or understand the art, but we thank you for giving us a try. Just as any other contemporary museum, we showcase art that reflects the life and times of the artists we represent here as an art hotel. We do have families who stay here and enjoy it as a learning experience and we hope to continue to provide that for our guests and local community.
	The Found:Re is a unique hotel is special city: part hotel, part Art gallery, this is one fun place to stay. My wife and I love it for it's ever changing, with new works of Art installed regularly. The property is centrally located, features a nice restaurant, Match, and is just across the street from FEZ, one of favorite eateries outside the hotel proper. The Found:Re is also a short walk from the Phoenix Art Museum, which is on par with some of the best in San Francisco, Denver, Chicago, and New York.We appreciate the kind words! We look forward to seeing you again!
	Good: Perfect location if you're attending an even at the Garden. Very short walk
	This hotel is a hip, slick, cool hotel and a great price! Exposed pipes and beams, funky lights, great walk in shower with a shower and mirror in the shower! The food is locally sourced and fabulous! Artwork everywhere in the hotel. Close to downtown and light rail from the airport takes you right to the front door - stay here!!!We're so happy to hear you had a great stay! Come back soon.
	My wife and I loved this hotel. Our large room was beautifully decorated...with a super comfortable bed. The ambiance of the hotel I would describe as urban chic boutique-style luxury art gallery hotel. The location is wonderful for exploring the charming neighborhood and nearby downtown. The service was excellent. Brunch was delicious in the charming restaurant. Bottom line - it combines a fun, happening atmosphere with a great stay. I doubt we'd look anywhere else in the future. This is the hotel of choice.Hi Doug K,Thank you for your kind words! We think you're pretty great too! We hope to see you again soon.Thanks!
	I used to live in Phoenix and I recently moved away. I love this area because of the restaurants and places to drink. I stayed here for a wedding that was at the Phoenix Art Museum and couldn't be happier with my stay. The hotel is very open and has a modern feel. The bar and restaurant are has covered outdoor seating if you want to enjoy some rays while enjoying a bite to eat. The Vietnamese Iced coffee drink was my favorite at the bar. The pool was on the smaller size and there weren't that many loungers to lay on, but there was good sun and good tunes. The studio room was modern, had a ton of towels, 2 bathrobes, and 2 slippers. The room is what I would want in a studio apartment with a comfy bed, a place to sit and drink coffee, and a desk for doing office-y type stuff. I don't like putting my clothes in drawers, so it wasn't a problem for me that there weren't any drawers or cabinets. A lot of places to hang your suits/dresses if you're in town for business or a wedding. Thank you so much for this awesome review. We hope you will choose us again when you make it back it to Phoenix.
	Fantastic place to stay! Unique environment combined with excellent service to make the perfect location to stay. There was a level of service here that I have not experienced anywhere else in Phoenix. I will definitely return and recommend to other travelers.Thank you so much! We're happy to hear you had a great stay!
	The Found:RE is a great new hotel in Phoenix. My co-worker and I had such a good experience there. It was a perfect location. Staff were amazing, and very helpful. Even though they were still renovating certain areas (hotel has only been open for 2 weeks) it was an all around great place to stay. Thank you for your understanding while we are still putting the final touches on things. We're so happy to hear our Curators were able to make your stay more enjoyable. Please come back and see us again!
	Great spot! Hip Chic hotel with good service. Rooms were very nice with unique steel construction. Restaurant was delicious and the location was great. Light rail stop right in front of the hotel. Highly recommend!Thank you so much! We hope to have you back soon.
	This hotel provided a stimulated experience with the abundance of local art on display. Pool was wonderful despite the shallow depth (4 feet). I was also amazed at how quiet it was given all of the negative review I read prior concerning noise levels. Hotel is immaculate, surrounded by nice eateries, coffee shops, and bars. Staff were friendly and accommodating. Overall, I had a great time. I like the new artsy vibe in downtown AZ. The only issues we experienced were 1) Bathroom sink kept clogging at night. 2) There are no hooks in the bathroom to hang towels (this we found quite annoying and odd).Thank you for taking the time to write a review. We're bummed we missed the mark in a couple of areas. Our engineering team has actually been going floor by floor to install the bathroom hooks over the past week and are still working on them. Hopefully, next time you visit you'll have them to use. As far as the bathroom sink, we will certainly have someone fix it!
	Had a great time, amazing place. Will definitely be returning. Did some hiking while we were there and had some great food. Great Decor and very friendly people. Like I said in the title, I highly recommend this place.Hi robertrykal, Thank you for sharing your experience with us! I'm so glad to hear you had a chance to enjoy our restaurant, MATCH Restaurant Lounge! Make sure you take advantage of our great summer rates so we can see you again soon!Have a great day!
	We where a late check in and Juliana was so accommodating. I spoke to her a few hours earlier to ask if someone can set up the sofa bed on the room since we where running late and going straight to bed. She did that for us, which I really appreciate. Thanks. The breakfast was delicious and the two attendances where so sweet. I don't remember their names, but I just want to say thanks. The lady that speaks noticed my puertorrican accent and told me that she hopes that everything is good with my family back in the island. From the bottom of my heart thank you for been so sweet with me.During check out, Joy, was so understandable with me and my group. Sorry for making you separate the reservation balance in 4 credit cards. Also thank you to the manager, by the last name Rivera.Thank you for sharing your experience at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium through the Guest Satisfaction Survey.With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. As a Valued Guest, your feedback will be shared with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service. Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel needs bring you back to Anaheim. Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral Manageredgar.riveramarriott.com
	This is my favourite place to stay at Anaheim. Ms Joy is doing excellent customer service and her service inspired during the stay! Marriott is lucky to have with her! Any one wanted to stay in this area so this is suitable!Regards Rama Subbu MuthurajWe are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It wastruly a pleasure to serve you.We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral ManagerTownePlace Suites by Marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714-939-9700
	Good: Great location. Extremely comfortable bed and pillows. Wonderful friendly staff.
	I stayed for 2 nights here where the rooms and service met up with other Marriott properties I have stayed in the past. Like the other reviews here, the only issue here was hearing the train whistle. As I grew up close to a train crossing, hearing it didn't bother me but I could see how someone not used to it could be really shaken by the experience.Other than that, they offer a value-filled room with kitchenette, a well-equipped one at that. Similar to Residence Inn properties, there's a fridge, dishwasher, sink, and stove along with some basic cookware and utensils. This property even had a food disposal unit.As much as there was a bed, living area, bathroom, kitchenette, and work desk, there really wasn't much place to sit down and eat for more than one person. I suppose a group of people could eat in the living area but I wouldn't find it all that comfortable.The services available in the lobby were fantastic, there a computer with free internet AND free printing (although there's a 30-minute time limit to be fair to other guests). There's also complimentary coffee available all day and even a map of the general area where the attractions, shopping, and restaurants are listed.
	Overall it wasn't a horrible stay. We wanted a suite since we were travelling with a baby and child. We were also going to disnleyland and wanted to be able to prep our lunches and come back to make dinner. The kitchens had everything you need!. The breakfast provided each morning was impressive. We first booked into a studio which didn't have a functioning bathtub so we very quickly got upgraded to a two bedroom suite which was extremely impressive. Loads of space. The first day our room got cLeaned the cleaners accidentally threw away my sons baby of baby food, formula and all his supplies. They say it was mistaken for garbage. After a mad dash to Target only a few minutes away is able to replace everything. They gave us a discount on our room. Don't know if I'd stay again as it was still a drive to/from disnleyland which was the main purpose of the holiday. It was close to shopping dining and groceries. If your going for baseball the field is across the road. People complained of trains but we were on the first floor facing the tracks and it didn't bother us one bit.Thank you for choosing the TownePlace Suites Anaheim for your stay. We are delighted to hear the kitchen in the guest room supplied everything you needed and found the complimentary morning breakfast impressive. Additionally, we are very truly sorry that your son's supplies were thrown away by accident. This issue will definitely be addressed in order to prevent this from happening again in the future, please accept our apologies. In addition, the hotel does offer an Anaheim Resort Transit (ART) shuttle stop right outside the front of the hotel and travels to Disneyland for a small fee it usually makes stops every hour daily during Disneys operating hours. The ART tickets can be purchased at our front desk daily and they are good for all day, so you can go back and forth as many times as you wish. We apologize if this was not offered to you upon check-in. Again, thank you for your review of the hotel as these reviews assist us in continuously looking at ways to enhance the stays of all our current and future guests.
	My husband and I just completed a stay here and really loved it. The staff could not be more accommodating. Kitchens are really kitchens equipped a working oven. We barbequed steaks on the outside grill by the pool. However, do this before the sun goes down. There isn't much light in that area after dark. We did have small red ants upon arrival and they moved us to another, more expensive room without charge. Fantastic staff. This is really the only place to stay.
	Joy! She was there whenever we needed anything and she was so flexible and understanding. She made great suggestions and understood what we needed before we did. That is kind of how the whole hotel worked. Everything was stocked, clean and worked well. You could ask any staff member for something and they made it happen. Breakfast was stocked and the staff members there were quick to clean and help out. I was really blown away by everyone's attitude. No one seemed to be tired of dealing with guests like you see at other hotels. Carlos checked us out and he showed us the same amount of flexibility and the didn't overcharge for things they could have. Also, it's a great location, close to anything you'd need.We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It wastruly a pleasure to serve you.We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral ManagerTownePlace Suites by Marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714-939-9700
	This hotel was fantastic. The hotel is clean and organized. The staff are very helpful, patient and know their jobs well. I was on my own with my son and the staff recommended top places to visit, as well giving me suggestions in saving some money too. Mary-Angeles, Joy, Patrick, Adriana, Domi, Catalina, Ashley--- Oh boy I could go on! Genuine people who treat you like you are part of a family. I will always come back here again. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone. We had a wonderful time here and the memories we made are precious. There are not enough words to describe just how caring the people here at this hotel. Please take my advice and come here- you will not be disappointed.Thank youDear Leticia, Thank you for sharing your experience at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium.With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. As a valued guest and Marriott Rewards member your feedback will be shared with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service. Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel needs bring you back to Anaheim. Sincerely,Mary Angeles-ClementeAssistant General Manager TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadiummary.angelesmarriott.com714.939.9700
	Great room! It was so nice having a kitchen, great money saver!The staff all were all very helpful and friendly. Thank you Susana for cleaning our room perfectly every day! The free breakfast was way better than we expected!We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It was truly a pleasure to serve you. We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared with the hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional service to guests like you. Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories with us whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim. Sincerely, Edgar Rivera General Manager TownePlace Suites by Marriott edgar.riveramarriott.com 714-939-9700
	I would love to write a great reveiw to this Hotel, just like the majority of the other people here.However......I did not actually get to stay here. A booking was made by telephone for a 2 bed suite for New years Eve. We arrived ready to check in. Unfortunately the desk clerk was totally unhelpful. Our reservation was non existant. The clerk did not give a damn. We had travelled only a relatively short time (150 miles), but now were without accomodation on New Year. The clerk would not even help with finding an alternative. The reservation had been checked TWICE before arriving, The first time was 2 days prior, and then the night before arriving. The number we were given WAS confirmed both times on the phone, so we travelled to Anaheim without any worries. HOW WRONG WE WERE! The Reservation number that was confirmed twice has now upon arrival turned into a non existant number. There was no record of the whole transaction. After trying unsucsessfully to get any help whatsoever from the staff, we decided to give up and find an alternative. As can be expected the area was booked up, except for one place - a real roach motel. We chose to stay there (another bad choice) and had the worse night sleep ever . Thanks to Marriot the 2009 celebrations were ruined! What more can I say except - CHECK CHECK and double check, even after you receive a conformation number. Get it in writing!It looks like they had double booked and tried to fob us off . Hope this reveiw is helpful to everyone.
	My wife and a number of her co-workers were staying here for 2 weeks while working at the nearby convention center, I decided to tag along for 5 nights. The rooms come equipped with a small kitchen which is good for extended stays, however you would need a car as there is no grocery store within walking distance. The hotel is about a mile from Disneyland and the convention center, but is reight beside Angels Stadium and has some decent restaurants within walking distance. The biggest issue I had with the hotel is the noise from the trains passing by as the rail line is directly behind the hotel. The temperature was very comfortable in the evening so we left the windows open, big mistake. I was awakened at 4.30am by a train going through with its horn blaring, if you've seen My Cousin Vinnie it was pretty much like that. Having traveled from the east coast I was then wide awake. Trains start coming through on a regular basis after that, pretty much every 1/2 hour or hour. A number of people in our group had the same issues and resorted to Ambien to try and sleep through.
	Everything was great. The workers at the front desk are all nice and very helpful. All the rooms are suites and they are all very clean and spacious. The best thing about it is the proximity to Angel Stadium. We went to go watch the Giants play the Angels for two days and the hotel is literally across the street from the stadium. They even let you choose what you want from their continental breakfast when you check in and have it ready for you to pick up in the morning in the lobby. There are also places to eat very close by and although we didn't get in (not enough time) the pool it looked clean and like a nice place to relax. I will definitely stay here again whenever I am in Anaheim, great hotel for a great price.
	this hotel is 7 minutes from disney. clean and secure accomodations. great for family. the workers was extremely nice and welcoming. greeted with a smile mrs. joy checked me in and i felt like i was home. then sadly upon leaving ashley checked us out and welcomed us back again.. we will be back to this property. great breakfast as well. and the house keeping and grounds were always kept to be inviting.. On behalf of the entire hotel team, we want to thank you for sharing your most memorable experiences with us during your recent stay at TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium.It is always encouraging to hear positive feedback, particularly when it comes from those who matter the most you! By taking pride in putting people first, we are not only executing the mission of our founders, but exceeding the expectations of our valued guests.Please note your feedback has been shared with the hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver great experiences. Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories here whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim. Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral ManagerTownePlace Suites by Marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714-939-9700
	Bad: The bed platforms! Perhaps if they were painted white they would become part of the bed and maybe missed a little more! They are now the colour of the carpet - beware!. Good: The staff! Very helpful and welcoming and happy! Loved the L'octaine toiletries. Free bikes were a good idea too but it rained during my visit.
	I tend to be pretty loyal to Marriott brands and built up quite a bank of Marriott points, so when I went to book a room in Anaheim for a trip to Disneyland using my points I booked the Towneplace Suites for three reasons: (1) It was a much better value than any of the other Marriott properties in Anaheim, as it was a Category 3 for points redemption while the others were at least a Category 5.(2) It was the only Marriott property in Anaheim that did not charge a daily parking fee. (3) Free continental breakfast. I tend to be pretty cost conscious, so I would much rather fill up on a free hotel breakfast than pay for fast food or worse pay Disneyland food prices.I still had a few doubts, but I went into the stay with an open mind and wasn't disappointed. My biggest concern, the location in relation to Disneyland, ended up being a non-issue. The Anaheim Resort Transit shuttle ran like clockwork and I could be to the parks in less than 20 minutes. At a cost of only 12 for a three-day pass, it was much cheaper than parking at Disneyland and probably a good bit quicker as well. Even though the hotel isn't within walking distance of Disneyland I wouldn't hesitate to book again. The location was also a plus when I went to the Angels baseball game, as the stadium is about a half mile walk from the hotel. The room itself was more than adequate. The full size fridge and kitchenette with a dishwasher and stove was impressive but probably unnecessary for most hotel guests, however with the microwave and stocked dishes it would be very easy to prepare simple meals in the room to avoid the expense of eating out. The sleeping area was a totally separate bedroom which made it feel a little small, but it is probably about the same size as you would find in other Towneplace and other Marriott suite-style hotels. I think it is just the lack of openness that makes it feel small. Everything was nice and clean, no complaints there.I see that someone else complained about the breakfast, but I think it was as good as should be expected for free. I have seen fancier, but during my stay the breakfast included cereal (6 types), bagels, English muffins, yogurt, fresh whole fruit, instant oatmeal, and boxes of raisins (quite honestly I grabbed a few boxes each morning for snacks while in Disneyland). My only criticism would be to wait a little while longer to start shutting the breakfast area down, as 9:30am is still pretty early and most of these folks are on vacation after all.My only other complaint would be the toilet paper. I don't necessarily expect the nicest paper out there, but the stuff in my room was the roughest single-ply toilet paper I've ever seen. I think most gas station bathrooms have higher quality toilet paper than this. It just seems pretty ironic that while there was shampoo and conditioner by Paul Mitchell the hotel couldn't spend a little more for a decent two-ply. Overall I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel for anyone going to Disneyland or to an Angels games, although I may encourage them to bring their own TP.
	Nice suite with 2 bedrooms fold out couch- was great to have 3 separate places to sleep, for 3 guys in town for LA Angels vs Red Sox baseball game.. Great ideal location for ballpark access- w/ parking included easy walk to ball field. Great breakfast. Best value for suite of any hotel i stayed in over my week in California. All rooms in suite were clean nice. (Would also be good for family going to nearby disneyland)We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It wastruly a pleasure to serve you.We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral ManagerTownePlace Suites by Marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714-939-9700
	For a very quick trip to Disneyland we stayed at the Townplace Suites. The lobby and rooms are small but well organized and clean. The free breakfast was a hit but the small lobby can get crowded early in the morning as everyone heads out to Disneyland. Easy shuttle service from the hotel directly to Disneyland. There is a pool but we were too tired to take advantage of it! Good selection of family freindly restaurant and entertainment options right next to the hotel so all around a very good choice.Thank you so much for staying with us. I am glad that your family enjoyed your time here with us. Maybe next time you can take advantage of our pool area the next time your in the Anaheim area. We look forward to your next arrival.
	We were very pleased with this place. Helpful staff, big, clean, comfortable suite. 2BR suite was perfect for 2 adults 2 kids. (No breakfast, but it was a pleasant stroll to both Carl's Starbucks - can't complain!) Great deal for the - would definitely stay here again.
	We loved our stay here. Our favorite is Miss Domi who is so friendly and greeting everyone with her sweet smile. The only downside is the bathtub. It needs more special attention and cleaning with bleach. But overall, we will still come back and stay here again next time. We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It wastruly a pleasure to serve you.We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral ManagerTownePlace Suites by Marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714-939-9700
	I had planned a last minute trip in to Anaheim to go for a Birthday event at Disney, the entire city was sold out but Townplace had a few rooms available. We generally dont stay this far away from Disney but we had no choice. Room rates were out of control because of a conference and most hotels were sold out! I have to say we were pleasantly surprised with the hotel. My experience at check -in was fantastic, the rooms were clean the energy was good and overall we didn't care that we were a few miles away from Disney. We Were happy with our stay. The only thing I could say that I was not crazy about was the commuter train that passes through the back of the Hotel. Other than that I would recommend this place to any of my friends or family membersWe appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral Manager edgar.riveramarriott.com
	The rooms were very spacious and clean however, very noisy being on the second floor. Kids jumping and running all hours of day and night. Front staff were very helpful and the breakfast was great. Shuttle (ART pay as you go or get a pass at the office) was just outside the door as was Denny's and Starbucks. Not the usual Mariott standard though. Older- small pool. --Hence the 3 star.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for your review. I am sorry to hear that we did not live up to your expectations. Please feel free to contact me personally to discuss your stay in more detail so I know how we can turn your three into a five.Hospitably,Greg WilliamsGeneral ManagerGreg.WilliamsMarriott.com714-939-9700
	We stay at this hotel every year same time for an event at Angel Stadium the 1st weekend in Jan.We never have issues but when it rains it pours with this group...We checked in and they lost our reservation because I had called on a re-rate. They changed the name on the reservation, they changed it from a one bed to a studio and raised the rate from 109 to 129 We booked in Oct but 1st of Nov they put up a disclaimer that the hotel is under remodel...but the disclaimer was not on the webpage when we booked. Remodel is an understatement its a train wreck. There was 4 or 6 couches piled up in front of a cargo bin just sitting there with some other ragged furniture and lamps in part of the parking lot.Our 1st room was nice but getting to the room was a mess, floorboards missing, walls messed up, the door wide open to the electronics closet which cant be seen by the front desk so anyone could walk in and create havoc. I am sure there is credit card info in those backup etc.It was late about 10:30 and we rented a PPV and then we hear something in the kitchen area and its a rat that runs behind the stove and now is stuck and screaming. So we go down to the front desk and then send a guy up to try and catch the rat. He cant catch it so they tell us we need to move to the other building.We do and its a bigger mess then the 1st building. There is black goop all over the floor in leading to the elevator and then in the elevator too, the 2nd building is old,smells and needs remodel bad. The new room is 2 bedroom but its hit and miss, way to much furniture, kitchen is dated, microwave falling down, dusty and dirty and about a 3 gap under the front door so someone could look in if they wanted.When we tell them the room will not work they offer to move us back to the 1st building but to the room a joining the room with the ratIt was just a trip hotel from hell which is really sad because its normally an ok hotel. We book next time at Hilton.Was really disappointed that management didn't reach out to us in till we contacted them.John Dominguez Assistant GM useless!Thank you for rating us on trip advisor as we are always looking to improve our hotel and do well by all of our guests. As most business professionals I was not available during the weekend while you were here at the property: however, we always have a manager on duty.As we are currently undergoing renovations, we have the challenge of insuring that our hotel continues to operate with minimal disruption to our guests. We understand that finding a mouse in your room can be an unnerving situation and tried to put you at ease for the duration of your stay. My staff did need to relocate you to another room so that we could have an external company resolve the issue which has now been rectified and make sure that you had a comfortable and pest free stay.Im happy to see that my staff offered you an upgraded newly renovated accessibility suite that did not have any adjoining wall or door to the previous room. We are sorry that you declined it. My understanding is the manager also offered to purchase a shower chair as the remaining 16 accessible rooms were fully committed. The Suite that you were relocated to was an upgraded suite as an additional apology for the issue that occurred. In my email to you on Monday after you had departed I explained that the renovation construction team working in the building you had relocated to did in fact make scuff marks on the floor from the tires of the dolly's that they were using to move the larger furniture out of the rooms to make way for the new furniture that we were receiving. As we placed you in an un-renovated suite for the final part of your stay, I can understand why you would feel it was out dated as the renovation is to give us a more modern and updated look and this suite had not been completed as of yet. As per Marriott standard the renovation information was available to all guests as of the beginning of October prior to when your reservation was made. Jeanette the Manager on duty removed your charges for the first night due to the mouse incident, while isolated, is unacceptable. We sincerely apologize as no guest should ever experience that. As you have stated, you have stayed with us numerous times and have never had any issues.The room you noticed with the door opened was awaiting a new air conditioning unit, there is nothing in this room that would present a security issue for our guests. We will also be purchasing some extra assistance chairs to accommodate past our eighteen accessibility rooms. again our apologies that your stay was less than perfect. We hope that you will give us another opportunity to welcome you again during the annual super cross event at Angel Stadium.
	We stayed here when we came to Anaheim to watch Angels games two nights in a row. It was the perfect location. It is across the street from the stadium and there are a few places to eat that range from Carls Jr to a nicer sit down restaurant (The Catch I think). The hotel provides a continental breakfast which was a pretty standard hotel breakfast. It's always convenient when traveling with kids. There was barely any room to sit and very busy. One morning I ended up finding a table and the next morning I took our food out to the pool and sat out there with the kids which was very peaceful. The pool area is small, but enough to keep the kids busy for a couple of hours. It was a nice temperature, not too cold. They also loved going between the pool and jacuzzi. The room slept 6 of us, but was not spacious. It was nice to have the 2 queens in separate bedrooms and a living area, so if someone wanted to rest, they could close the door and others could watch TV in another room. There were 3 TVs. The beds were OK. The bathroom was small considering the room slept 6 people (not 6 adults, but doable with a mixture of adults and kids). The kitchen area was more than adequate to bring some food with you, prepare it and not eat out every meal. The decor is updated, but some areas of the room felt worn. The room was clean and we had excellent service at the front desk.Hello Snulie,Thank you for taking the time to write such a wonderful review about your recent stay at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Marriott. It is candid reviews like yours, that allow us to continually look at ways to make guest's stay more comfortable and relaxing. I have mentioned your comments to the appropriate department managers, and we are brainstorming ways to review your areas of concern. We are delighted to serve you again, if your travel needs bring you back to the Orange County area. Thanks again!Warmest Regards
	HOTEL STAYThe company I work for is located in San Francisco. Last week I was sent down to the Anaheim office for 2 1/2 days from Wednesday to Friday. During my business trip last week I stayed at this hotel for two nights. Originally my boss tried to book my reservation at Ayres Hotel, which according to him was about 220 yards away from the office. However the second night was fully booked. The last minute my boss booked the other closest hotel, which is TownePlace Suites Anaheim. According to Google Maps the location of this hotel is about a 10 minute walk. I've walk from this hotel to the office. The walking time was a lot less then 10 minutes. I cannot compare this hotel to Ayres Hotel at the moment. However this hotel is not only close to the Anaheim office but also is situated with a lot of nice restaurants that are one block away. The room I stayed in was a studio suite, which included a kitchen. There was decent space inside the room unlike most hotel rooms as this room had a couch and kitchen. Twice at night around 9PM I swam at the swimming pool and sat in the whirlpool. The swimming pool was slightly heated while the whirlpool was really heated. Going to the swimming area helped me relax from that day's work. The one main knock I would say is the complimentary breakfast. The breakfast is buffet style with pastry, bread, coffee, eggs, and sausage. Both times I've had breakfast the eggs were overcooked and the sausage was cold. I don't mind if the complimentary breakfast was only pastry and coffee. However if there is hot, cooked food on the complimentary breakfast then items such as fried eggs and sausages shouldn't be stale. Overall I enjoyed my two nights at this hotel during my business trip.We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It wastruly a pleasure to serve you.We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral Manager edgar.riveramarriott.com
	Bad: Buffet food.
	Nice and quiet area. Clean room. Good breakfast. Convenient to using the A.R.T. shuttle to Disneyland. Great and friendly staff, Rafael made checking in fun and easy especially since my wife was guest of the day . Lobby needs more space.We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It wastruly a pleasure to serve you.We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral ManagerTownePlace Suites by Marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714-939-9700
	The two bedroom suites worked out very well for kids. Staff of hotel were very helpful. Close to Disney and other attractions. Reasonably priced.
	Having a full kitchen is a great feature and breakfast included is a nice way to start the day. Our room was close to the office and that worked out well for us. Our only complaint was that the bathroom door, room 202, did not lock. All staff were very friendly anf helpful. A schedule for the shuttle would have helped and notification that there is a senior rate for the shuttle.We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It wastruly a pleasure to serve you.We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral ManagerTownePlace Suites by Marriottedgar.riveramarriott.com714-939-9700
	We spent 3 days at this hotel, whilst at a convention at the Anaheim Convention Center and at Disneyland. Although this is not the closest hotel property to either, it is the best as far as hospitality and professionalism go. We arrived a bit before the posted check in and before too long, we were able to go to our room. I have to say the visit to the Towneplace Suites, Anaheim was made exceptional by the staff that works there, notably Adilene at the front desk. The smiling and professional service that she provided is what one would expect at a Ritz Carlton or St. Regis property. Note to management: You should hold on to and value employees like Adilene.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for your 5 star review. I am glad to hear that Adi and our team were able to give you 5 star service during your visit to Anaheim.I hope to see you on our next Disneyland Adventure! Hospitably,Greg WilliamsGeneral Manager
	This is a great Marriott property if you want to be close to the baseball game. I choose this location as it was close enough for me to conduct my business, yet far enough away from my local family Centrally located and surrounded by eateries. Staff at this location are phenomenal and go above and beyond to ensure your stay is pleasant Dear Guest,Thank you for sharing your experience at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium through the Guest Satisfaction Survey.As a Valued Guest, we appreciate your feedback and are delighted to hear that you had a great stay. With a spirit to serve, we take great pride in not only meeting, but exceeding your expectations. Your feedback is integral to our ability to continue to improve our service. Thank you again for your time and come visit us again soon! Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral Manager edgar.riveramarriott.com
	We stayed in a two bedroom apartment during our stay in Anaheim in June 2004. We have two young children (3 and 5). The apartment was clean and well equipped. The beds were comfy and the linen fresh. We loved the location, near Dennys, Starbucks, Panda Express and Mc Donalds. We made our booking on the net from Australia and found our requests had been answered perfectly. ( A corner non-smoking room). Another great feature was the free parking and free shuttle to Disneyland. There were three T.V.'s all having cable, which the kids loved. There was a bath, lots of towels. I highly recommend this hotel to families with young children, we were very impressed.
	We were extremely satisfied with our stay. They have an excellent breakfast which we enjoyed everyday we were there. The rooms have everything you need for an extended stay. Everything you would need for cooking and serving meals, plus a full size refrigerator, microwave, stove and oven. Very comfortable room. The staff were very friendly and accommodating. Joy at the front desk was very helpful during our stay. We will definitely come back on our next trip so SoCal.Dear Rick, Thank you for sharing your experience at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium.With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. As a valued member your feedback will be shared with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service. Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel needs bring you back to Anaheim. Sincerely,Mary Angeles-ClementeAssistant General Manager TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadiummary.angelesmarriott.com714.939.9700
	This property was in a great location, and it was very clean, the staff was extremely friendly and the complimentary breakfast was great! We will be staying at this location again for sure the next time we are in the area.Dear Guest,Thank you for sharing your experience at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium through the Guest Satisfaction Survey.As a Valued Guest, we appreciate your feedback and are delighted to hear that you had a great stay. With a spirit to serve, we take great pride in not only meeting, but exceeding your expectations. Your feedback is integral to our ability to continue to improve our service. Thank you again for your time and come visit us again soon! Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral Manager edgar.riveramarriott.com
	We had a 15 night stay and this was perfect. There was great restaurants nearby and the kitchenette is great to make things in your room and save on meals. The staff was very accomodating and supported any requests that we made. PArticularly when we needed an extra night and they were oversold. Aric was a gem constantly checking on how we were doing when he saw us on the property and assisting with some printing needs when the lobby printer was tied up and I needed to get some things mailed ASAP. I definately recommend this hotel if you are going to Disney or looking to attend an Angels game.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you so much for your wonderful review. I am so glad to hear that we were able to accommodate you and your family.Hope to see you again on your next trip to Anaheim.Hospitably,Greg WilliamsGeneral Manager
	I am a gold elite member with the Marriott brand. We stayed here earlier this month. I didn't have time to get around to making a complaint because we were getting things done for my mother in law's funeral. First off the first room we were given smelled like mildew. It was disgusting. So I went to the front desk and was given a second room next door to this room. It did not smell any better. So I was given a third room this time in the main building. So we move our things to this room. I brush my teeth and get into bed it was then 1:00am approximately. I lay on the right side of the bed and the bed breaks!! I am about 180 pounds why is the bed breaking I fall out of the bed and hit my head on the corner of the night stand. At this point I am beyond furious. I calmly walk back to the lobby and explain to the gentleman. He apologizes and I am given a fourth room. The next morning I go to down to talk to the manager but the manager is in a meeting and the lady at the front desk rudely tells me the guy from night shift comped my room what else do I want. I could've of choked the ignorant lady. So I checkout and move to a different hotel. A manager named Patrick calls and leaves a voicemail the next afternoon. I called Patrick back multiple times and left voicemails. Never received a phone call at all or email nothing. We have stayed at this hotel for almost 5 years in a row. It's the only hotel we stay at in Anaheim. This is beyond ridiculous. Category 6 this place should be more of an 2 or 3. I have stayed at nicer category 3,4,5 hotels. I will NEVER stay at this hotel again. Is this the type of name Marriott wants for itself Should I take my loyalty to a different brand Dear floydmcmillan2007,Good Day, Please accept my sincere apology on behalf of Towne place suites Anaheim, I am very sorry to learn that your experience with us during your visit was not up to your par . Rests assure that we are now working on the issue and trying our best to fix the problem and I would like to thank you upon bringing this matter to our attention. Your comments will help us serve you and our entire guest better in the future.We apologize for the annoyance/inconvenience that this may have caused to you.We continue to be committed to provide you and all our guests with the highest standard of service in the industry. We look forward to your continued patronage and wish you the best.I hope to see you again here in Anaheim Towne Place Suites so we can better serve you.Mary Angeles-ClementeAssistant General Manager
	Loved this place! If you are looking for a chain hotel, THIS IS NOT for you. If you are looking for different, unique, friendly, fun...then this is it. We chose the little room with Queen bed, no windows..and it was GREAT. Best bed I've slept in while traveling in a long long time. Although there are internal hotel noises every once and a while..it was by no means disturbing or loud. Location was awesome! We mainly hung out on Decatour street/Jackson square/French market..but even bourbon street was a short walk. Hotel staff is very knowledgeable about places to eat and things to do. We didn't drive here so no idea about parking or valet. Staff was extremely friendly. It's just a super little gem in a crazy town.
	Clearly this is a popular hotel. One look at the lobby area, the common areas, and your room will tell you this hotel gets lots and lots of use. It looks like it needs some TLC and a face lift. Nothing is dirty, just shabby. Nothing is worn to a fray, just run down. The staff is friendly and efficient but not especially helpful. The furnishings in the room were probably highly functional when installed but now really show their age and overuse. The sofa in my room was stained in many places. The linens were gray from cleaning too many times, the bed a little lumpy from too many nights use without replacement.Not a bad hotel, just not a great hotel either.Dear GoldenBearHusker,Thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Marriott. We appreciate your candid review of the amenities and services offered at our hotel and we hope to turn your average experience into a superb visit the next time you are in the Orange County area. We apologize for not meetig your expectations on this last stay, but rest assured that we take all of your comments into consideration when looking for ways to improve on the quality and features offered at our hotel. Please feel free to contact me personally when you are in the area again, as I would be happy to assist in any way possible. Warmest Regards,Adam Sahagun
	Hotel is perfectly situated for Angel's baseball games as it is within walking distance to the stadium. Free packing. Staff was very friendly and welcoming. Had a two bedroom suites, which was very comfortable. Nice having a kitchenette, although we did not use it very much. Nice options at breakfast although the eating area could be a little crowded. Variety of eating options nearby.. Very good choice.Dear Harry, Thank you for sharing your experience at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium. With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. As a valued guest your feedback will be shared with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service. Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel needs bring you back to Anaheim. Sincerely, Mary Angeles-Clemente Assistant General Manager TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium mary.angelesmarriott.com714.939.9700
	Wonderful hotel, great location, excellent staff, Front Desk is just fabulous, and all facilities are good. This would be the ideal place for the family when they visit Disney. The surroundings are very family-friendly with a lot of eateries around. The hotel staff is very helpful at all times. Rooms are very comfortable and convenient. Amenities are good.Dear Vinayak S, Thank you for sharing your experience at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium.With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. As a valued guest your feedback will be shared with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service. Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel needs bring you back to Anaheim. Sincerely,Mary Angeles-ClementeAssistant General Manager TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadiummary.angelesmarriott.com714.939.9700
	Overall we are Marriott Gold Elite members and have the Marriott credit card so we really do Marriott all the time but this is one of the locations that has very poor upkeep. Our room had a funny mold smell and the sink and shower did not drain properly there was the toilet paper roll that was broken a picture frame was not mounted correctly and fell to the floor. The microwave was mounted not at a level. And the list goes on...Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts regarding this issue. We appreciate you bringing it to our attention. We will share your message appropriately within the organization. Edgar RiveraGeneral Manager
	We stayed here for a trip to Disneyland. The good: 1 bedroom suite was very large. The bedroom area was small but the living area was huge. Great working/desk area and very nice kitchenette with a nearly full sized refrigerator, small stove, microwave, etc. Some things were recently renovated and looked very nice. The staff was great, helpful and friendly. Location was great, lots of stuff nearby, on the ART route to Disney and close to freeways. Breakfast was small but a decent selection - the waffles were really good and they had trays so that you could take food back to your room. The bad: some parts of the hotel have not been renovated, so there is a mix of new/nice and old/run down in the same room (i.e bathroom counters were nice, but the rest of the bathroom was dated. Old dresser in the bedroom, but tv's were nicer. The carpeting was old, and the door to the room was worn and actually had some non matching paint spots covering some type of damage, but the kitchenette was very nice as was the desk area and newer cabinets that were part of the desk area. For having a large living space, there wasn't a lot of seating. So, there was a small sofabed, and a table with just one chair. It would be nice to have the table and 4 chairs so that if multiple people are in the room (a standard family) there would be places to sit as the couch would only really fit 2-3 people. the other bad was that while I booked the room using Marriott points and was told that they would only place a 40 hold for incidentals on my credit card, the system automatically puts a hold for 170 for each night of your stay, unless the clerk removes your card info and overrides the system. I didn't know this until i looked online at my credit card account. Fortunately, Sam at the front desk was great and got the hold for the first night removed and made sure that no hold was placed on the 2nd night. Still though, unsettling to have some unexpected holds on your account. I've never had that happen at any other marriott property. I also had trouble connecting to the wifi, it kept giving me an error that I couldn't log into the wifi with my room number and last name. But, it actually still connected me on all devices I tried, so I just ignored the error and it worked just fine.Martha C.Thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate. We appreciate your kind words regarding your satisfaction with the friendly staff, amenities in the room, and overall location of the hotel. We pride ourselves on being able to provide you with a wonderful experience and we are happy to hear that you would return to the property on your future visits to Orange County.I apologize that you experienced a few issues during your stay, but am glad to see that we were able to resolve those during the few days you were visiting with us. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to WOW you in the future and please feel free to contact me directly if you have any further questions or concerns.-Adam
	I was visiting the area for business and picked this hotel for its proximity to my meetings. I had some flight issues flying into California, so had to call and change my reservation. When I called the hotel I spoke with Viri, who was super helpful and very friendly. She took care of everything and had a great sense of humor. When I checked in Viri happened to be working with a few others at the front desk. They were all extremely friendly and welcoming. The coffee in the lobby all day is a nice perk. I was unable to enjoy breakfast, but it looked nice as I grabbed an apple and ran out the door to meetings. I will definitely be staying at this location if I have any future business in the Anaheim area. Management should be proud of their friendly, helpful, and smiling staff.
	First time in New Orleans, planned to stay here for 3 nights but ended up staying for 5. Mainly because he owners, Lauren and Daniel are such excellent hosts. Great advice on where to go and what to do, nothing better than a local to give you advice. The hotel was quiet when we were there so Lauren and Daniel sat with us a breakfast and helped us plan our day. Rooms spotlessly clean. All of their suggestions were spot on. Good little pool with sun deck, unusual for a BB. We visited the WW11 museum which is outstanding but allow at least 4 hours for your visit. Burboun St was a disappointment, but go to Frenchman St for great music and food. Try 30/90o bar for music. Highly recommended and within walking distance, is the Lounge (best ribs ever). Another reviewer spoke of the area, we drove down from Houston and arrived about 6pm, we were slightly concerned as the area has some building with a lot of graffiti on them, however they are being developed and the owners said the area has changed a great deal over the last few years, and is becoming one of NO sought after places to live. Its abut a 5/10 minute trip by uber/taxi into the French quarter. Altogether a great place to stay and would highly recommend.
	The owner of The Hotel Storyville went above and beyond to help us put on a birthday party in the garden. The evening was a great success. The rooms were clean and well-furnished, and the location can't be beat.
	This thing doesnt have to be called a hotel, this is the worst place ever!!!!!!!!Hygiene is something the hotel doesnt know exsists, you can see food, cigarettes, used condoms and much more just a feet outside your door.Nasty parties during night!! We even had to call the police one night!!!!Just dont go to that place ever!
	Very impressed with the scene when I walked in. Didn't take me long to realize that the Ace has focused on aesthetics rather than service. I arrived 90 minutes after check in time. Took them over 30 minutes to get it ready. In the meantime, I had to first deal with a smug wannabe hipster and then a woman who... More
	Old hotel with many remaining architectural charms and most modern amenities. The staff is exceptional: friendly and very accommodating. Has a little bit of the wear tear around the edges associated with an historic building but remarkably clean. Passed the allergy test.
	Great hotel. So much more character than staying in one of the big chain hotels. The building was a transformed warehouse, so walls are old brick, floors are resurfaced wood, etc. Very Cool. Super helpful staff. Great coffee shop restaurant downstairs. Definitely will return.
	We thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience in this recently opened dining room. The steak can only be described as succulent. The wait staff was professional and attentive. The atmosphere was warm combining contemporary furnishings with what I assume to be 19th century architecture. We really enjoyed the jazz band which performed in a smallish room adjacent to the bar.
	This really is a great boutique hotel. The bed was comfortable, the shower hot and refreshing. Nicely appointed and great customer service. Why only 3 stars This hotel was obviously a factory or warehouse at one stage, so the concrete support column in the bedroom is a necessity. (See photo). However, it is painted black and at 3am whenI got... More
	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at XV Beacon. All of the staff was friendly and attentive. The location is perfect for exploring Boston and for anywhere a little further, a driving service is offered. The driver, Mark, was very friendly and made sure to point out notable sites along the drive. The rate is expensive, but we enjoyed the high-level of service with multiple tidy services offered each day. The room was very comfortable for us.
	Great place right in the middle of the north end. Literally on Hanover street Room was clean and looked brand new. There is no parking so we stayed at haymarket garage and walked 5 minutes. Check in at restaurant
	The location for this hotel is great right in the middle of the North End and close walking distance to Faneuil Hall, etc. modern efficient with large TV and electric fireplace. Very nice bathroom with standup shower but lacking in horizontal surfaces for toiletries.
	The hotel itself is lovely and the staff were very kind and helpful. Just a couple of downsides the shower gel was low throughout our stay and you could get hardly any out i was a bit surprised this wasn't checked during housekeeping. The shower itself also wasn't very powerful. We had a clock in the room but it wasn't showing the right time and appeared to be out of battery didnt think this looled very good. The air conditioning was quite noisy but you could get a good temperature. We enjoyed our stay though as i said just a few minor things.
	Nice place with a great staff. This place is clean and well maintained. Being Massachusetts there are no alcoholic beverages during the managers reception. The breakfast was great too. The bar remains open until midnight and is a great place to unwind after visiting the city.
	overnight in walking distance of subway , parks and downtown. Staff was very helpful. Good value for the money
	Arriving after a long flight, it was a delight to find such a tranquil, beautiful haven. My room was large and full of lovely antiques and there was everything a tired traveller could wish for. I've already recommended it to a friend.
	Really enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend it to just about anyone. Loved the old Victorian ambiance and decor. The location was prime for us - we walked everywhere. Downsides are parking - had to park in the Commons garage but pretty walk back as long as it's not raining or snowing. And I really got the impression that a more traditional American bfast would be served but it was more like what you get at a chain hotel.
	Nice hotel with a great restaurant! Only thing that would have been nice to have it a bathtub rather than just a shower.
	I stayed one night at this beautiful building in Back Bay. Unfortunately, my particular room had a very uncomfortable bed that was not level. I believe the problem was the mattress itself just being old, not the bed frame. I had to put a book between the mattress and the box spring to level it a bit. Additionally, the room was extremely hot, owing to the radiator being left on while the room was empty. I recommend that the hotel consider keeping the heat off between guests. Otherwise, the facility was great. The public areas are beautiful and the staff were very friendly and helpful.
	Unbeatable location next to Newbury street. Lovely clean, comfortable room with amenities . Generous continental breakfast. Coffee and tea always available (often with delicious cookies) Very friendly helpful staff. Very easy to come and go as they give you the code. Third time staying here.Thank you for your kind words. We always enjoy seeing you and your family! Looking forward to welcoming you again!
	I didn't notice that this hotel room has shared bathroom. It was very inconvenient for me.
	The location of this hotel was amazing and the price was right. Unfortunately, it was a weekend and the hotel was hosting a wedding. As a result, it was very loud. I was assured by the staff that it would end around 10:30, but the party was yelling and slamming doors until at least 11:30. There was a note in my room to respect quiet time from 10p-6a, but I guess that applied only to me. I had an early morning event to attend, so I wouldn't recommend staying here on a weekend if you intend to get any rest. Also, my room had a shared bath, which was very poorly treated by whomever else was sharing it. Be advised that sometimes other guests might not be as civilized as you are.
	Great location, beautiful decor. The lobby Sazerac bar is extremely popular and claims to be the birthPlace of its namesake drink. Note to older folks: The old bathroom tubs are extremely difficult to get into and out of to shower.
	If you are looking for a hotel near the French quarter and want luxury and service - this is the hotel for you. All rooms were clean, a good size and beautiful.The staff were so helpful and we are in the hotel restaurant a couple of times and the food was delicious and very helpful staff.When we come to New Orleans again this hotel is a must for us.SandGT,Thank you for taking time to leave feedback on our hotel! We take pride in giving excellent service for everyone who walks through our hotel, and are happy to hear that you loved your stay with us, as well as the helpfulness of the staff! The Food Beverage team will be thrilled to hear of your love of the food as well! We are lucky to work in a historic property in its prime location, but know that without a consistent level of top notch service our guests would choose one of the many other options nearby. Again, thank you for promoting us on TripAdvisor. We look forward to hosting you during your next stay! Have a wonderful day!
	This is a beautiful, clean, well-maintained hotel located one block off of Bourbon Street. We had a first floor room--presumably loudest in terms of street noise, but apart from hearing people in the lobby checking in or out, it was incredibly quiet! The bathroom is tiny but very clean, the towels are plush and large, the bedding is luxurious. The... More
	I stayed in two seperate rooms at this hotel. The first was 209 upstairs over looking the shared balcony. It was small but clean and gorgeous, perfect for one person. My only complaint is the Windows don't open, as they've been painted over. Would be nice to get some fresh air, although this room has its own thermostat with air. The staff was amazing and watched my bags for me the entire next afternoon after check out, as I wasn't sure if I was gonna stay again or not. I decided to stay, and they offered me a similar rate to the first night even though prices went WAY up. The girls at the front desk are super awesome. The next room I stayed in was downstairs, definitely larger than the first, just as beautiful but different. The energy was different, it was dark, and I had a few issues with cell phone reception, not picking up the guest wifi and a broken TV that they couldn't do anything about. Overall I loved staying at this hotel. It felt special. It is special. Its a fantastic hotel to stay at if you want the NOLA French Quarter experience. On a personal note: this hotel is definitely haunted. I not only had the same dream both nights that were pretty spooky and gruesome, but I awoke the second morning to someone humming softly into my ear and a grab/scratch at the back of my neck. Let's just say my heart was POUNDING!
	Beautiful mansion, always wanted to stay there. Could you use some improvements on the building. Definitely need new mattresses - ours was lumpy and worn out feeling. Beautiful antiques, wonderful staff - very friendly and helpful. Ideal location in the quarter.
	We had an amazing time at the Cornstalk Hotel. Ms.Sharon was wonderful. The hotel is a lovely old New Orleans style. It's cozy and romantic. I look forward to going back for another visit. We went for our 25th Anniversary and the staff went above and beyond to make it extra special. Thank you!
	Pros- Great customer service, comfortable beds, clean rooms, fantastic room style/decor and safe area. Cons- no pool, no meals available, just a few pastry type items at the bar/lobby
	Beautiful place near Bourbon Street but quiet. Staff was warm and welcoming, rooms were very clean and full of charm. Would recommend to anyone. Very close to restaurants and other places to visit. Great trip. Thank you
	Dirty carpet, dirty bathroom flooring. One light out in the bathroom. Poor lighting in the room bathroom for applying make-up. Wall of windows should have black out curtains and shades. Walking in tot he cornstalk it smells like Pot Smoking 4 days out of the 6 we stayed.
	One of the best places you will ever stay in New Orleans. Absolutely delightful and right in the middle of the quarter but far enough away from the noise. This exceptional Hotel has been around for a very long time and there is a reason. Pure beauty and fabulous staff.
	I loved my stay at Cornstalk. The atmosphere is very family-like and personal. Shay was amazing, made cookies and made me feel like family. The big chain hotels can't compete with how the Cornstalk Hotel makes you feel at home, even when your thousands of miles away from home.
	Was in an old 1800's house, hotel has 14 rooms only, rooms are small but we'll appointed. Room 101 is known as the Elvis Room, he stayed here during a filming on one of his movies.
	Stay downstairs- no elevators. No bell hops. No amenities- BUT great location within walking distance to everything in The French Quarter. Historic and beautiful. Hope someone will restore great old home to better amenities.
	Great stay overall, the room was supposed to have a balcony but it wasn't open. Will definitely go again if we get the chance though.
	We stayed here for a night and absolutely loved it. The hotel staff were courteous, helpful, and very personable. The only thing we could suggest is that they could have something other than water for their guests to drink. Other than that (and that wasn't really a big deal at all), everything was splendid.
	This hotel is perfect for being close to everything, but that is all it is perfect for. We had a cockroach in our room the last night we stayed there, and thank god it was the last night. They clearly do not have a pest control contract that treats the place for roaches regularly enough. I could see the lights... More
	Just have to give this hotel a thumbs up for making a great visit to the French Quarters even better. The workers were hospitable, friendly, and went out of their way to make sure we were taken care of. We stayed in the two bedroom suite, and for the value, it was just right. The room was clean, everything was... More
	The young, hip hotel guests probaby cringed when they saw me schlep my 4, 6, and 8 year olds through the front door and I immediately realized our family was not the hotel's target demographic, but we LOVED this place. As a former New Orleans resident, this is as local as you can get. Compar Lapin was unbelievable and my children could not get enough of their homemade pasta and gnocchi and probably would have gone home with our server, Clare (that is how much they liked her). The head cocktail crafter, Abby, was super friendly and insanely adorable and her staff was extremely talented and helpful. The room was so comfortable my children slept almost two hours past their norm, which was probably appreciated by the majority of guests who had been tearing up their livers the night before. We did not use maid service so my only suggestion would be a little more counter space in the bath and more towels. Other than that, it was perfect.
	Hotel looks very dark, weird smell 105 dollars per night. Complementary Internet and continental breakfast. Location is in French area very handy if u want to go out. Small pool of u want to swimming. 25 dollars parking.
	This was an unexpected surprise! We usually stay on Canal or with friends but this will change that in the future. Loved the hardwood floors and quaint atmosphere. There were no kids running around and it is less than 10 minute walk to Bourbon Street. Continental breakfast, coffee ALL DAY, and really good cafes nearby, open 24 hours or at least late night. Parking lot is secured at night, cameras monitoring as well. Also right across from trolley stop (so convenient-did not have to move the car)!! Wi-fi included
	This hotel is beautifully located in the NE corner of the French Quarter. It is one block to the trolley station on the newly completed Rampart Street line. I give the trolley system 5 stars for convenience, value (3.00 per day), and ease of use. The hotel itself is somewhat clean on the surface. The laminate floors in our unit... More
	Very nice staff. (They must have fired all the the rude people I read about in the reviews. LOL) Safe area (for New Orleans. For the people who said it was in a bad neighborhood, this is not Mayberry. ) The cost was a bit excessive in my opinion. Over 250 for one night ( although that did include parking. and it was an event weekend.) The facilities are nice. You can sit on the wrought iron balcony and watch the French Quarter wake up. The location is convenient and close to everything. The only reason this is not a 5 star review is that the shower was dirty. For that kind of money, I at least want to wash my old behind in a clean shower. The bed was VERY FIRM. It was too firm for my wife and me, but I hear some people like firm mattresses, so this would be right up your ally if you do. The second floor seems to be the best as far as views, I think. Third floor could be a beating on older folks because of the stairs. Also, there are two seperate hotels. I saw where a lady was complaining about having to walk from the office to another building. This is because she went to the wrong one, initially. There is French Quarter Suites, and New Orleans Courtyard Hotel. I think the NO Courtyard is a little higher end. Overall good experience. I will be back, but not on an event weekend.
	The staff is outstanding, and they helped us with directions and where to go for awesome food, etc. Rooms are large and clean. Pool is very nice, and it's located just close enough to the French Quarter to have fun but also sleep in a nice, quiet hotel when you've had enough fun! Loved this place!!
	This is a lovely hotel where one is made to feel very welcome. An extra bonus (for cat lovers, at least) is Claire, the resident cat. The hotel is ideally located for exploring the utterly charming French Quarter. Our room was beautiful and very comfortable but as this is an old building, it is not very soundproof and other guests talking in the courtyard and entryway and wheeling their luggage around disturbed us early each morning - at 4am during the first night. The Frette linens and Molton Brown toiletries were much appreciated luxury touches. We were however disappointed by the breakfast - we ordered toast in preference to biscuits and one slice of toast each seemed rather meagre. Be warned - the coffee is flavoured with chicory - a New Orleans tradition but not to our taste. I would recommend this as a place to stay if you are happy to put up with the quirks of an old building but suggest eating breakfast elsewhere.We usually do have pure coffee in the freezer. We don't get many requests but we try to stay prepared. You simply needed to request it. I doubt that anyone could find breakfast spots in New Orleans that serve pure coffee. New Orleans traditional caf au lait is French roasted chicory coffee served with an equal part of warm milk. That is what we serve. That is what Caf du Monde serves. We are famous for our buttermilk biscuits but we do keep gluten free and whole grain bread for the guests who don't eat white flour. I do apologize that you were served only two slices of toast. An order of biscuits if four therefore an order of toast should also be at least four.Please if your travels bring you back to New Orleans give us another try. In addition to the tea , hot chocolate and iced coffee that are always available we will brew pure for you each morning. We will also give you a room on the second or third floor or even on the other side of the street so if we have late arrivals or early departures you won't be disturbed.Claire would be disappointed if you went elsewhere and so would I
	Even before I arrived at Soniat I had an insight into the warm hospitality that was the theme throughout our stay. From the warm, helpful welcome from Mark and his coleague, to the professional manner of Calvin, the housekeepers and the managers, they could not do enough. I hesistate to use the term hotel to describe Soniat, that's like calling Buckingham palace a house. The rooms are luxurious, I really want that bed in my home. Situated on a peaceful street, with a church next door, and well situated to get around the French quarter, and other attractions. Everything is quaint, peaceful, and friendly, a haven. The setting is beautiful courtyards, with water features, classical music played softly, and a well stocked honour bar, what more could you want...wait did I mention breakfast No meals are served apart from breakfast and I absolutley rate it as a five star experience, my first taste of American biscuits was fab, they have to be the best biscuits, fresh orange juice, great coffee (apologies I'm drooling just thinking about it). It was a great choice, we hope to be back and I am more than willing to recommend it to anyone looking for an oasis of calm, warm hospitality. Go, you won't regret it.Wow!You have made my day!What a kind and thoughtful review. Thank you so very much for taking the time.It would be a real pleasure to welcome you back.
	From all outside appearance this facility is closed for remodeling as well as restaurants. Great location. Hope it is open on my next visit to NOLA. Lots of eating places in the area. Have to do minimum of 200 characters but not sure what more I can add to IT'S CLOSED!!!!
	I was really happy with my experience at this hotel! I stayed here for a weekend in August. The room was nice and extremely clean. The staff was incredibly friendly. I loved the bathroom and it had a great shower. Right outside the hotel is a stop for the streetcar so its in a great location too. Absolutely no complaints... More
	Pontchartrain Hotel has friendly service and guest rooms that are beautifully appointed to the smallest detail to ensure luxury and comfort. The beds are lavishly comfy the bedding luxurious. The public rooms are opulent and welcoming. The homemade ginger beer was better than fever tree (my favorite) The bartenders are first-rate and the view from the rooftop are is magnificent.... More
	Bad: Better return from the slots!!. Good: Bed excellent, pillows good, shower good with strong flow and hot. Very well maintained public spaces with lots of wood panelling. The piece of the Berlin Wall was quite interesting and all at a very good price.
	Agree with previous review, renovation consisted of mostly new paint. No fault of hotel, but be prepared for a night with plenty of noise....street cars passing all night!! Food at restaurants is excellent. Employees are very nice. If you are looking for a really first class hotel at this price point, I would suggest Ritz Carlton, Windsor Court, Roosevelt. One... More
	The location of this hotel is great. It's in a lovely spot on St. Charles and it's very easy to get around with the streetcar stop right outside. It's an older hotel and so you do find some of the issues you would expect...doors that stick, very thin walls, etc. It is very clean, even though you will find some... More
	We drove down with no reservation on sat. Dec. 31st to bring in the new year. It's located within eye sight of tropicana and was the cheapest out of all in the area. The staff showed me the room before I rented it and had a safe location to park my car. It was great we had the deck above... More
	First thing totally rude staff!! Front desk check in took a hour! Hidden 125 fee.. i booked trip advisor all fees payed i thought. Okay now to the hotel .. Dirty! Throw up in pool so we couldnt swim.. throw up in iceroom which is a empty piss smelled closet, could go on.. i wont!
	Absolutely disgusting!!! I rather stay in my car!!! Everything about this place is gross.. including the rude staff. This is not the Tropicana and should not be promoted as if it was apart of it. I will NEVER stay here again!!! Broken mirrors, dirty towels, smelly smoky room, old food in the refrigerator from a prior guest, toilet paper was on the floor, shower was moldy, creepy old elevator that sounded like it was going to break down... JUST PLAIN GROSS
	When we first got to the Hotel I was parallel parking and A bum try to pretend to get hit by me. Then asked me for money. Then we checked in an that was painless. We got to our room and I felt like I was in a crack house. Our reservation said a balcony which there was not. The windows were so high that you couldn't see out side unless you stood on a chair. It felt like we were in a dungeon but we were on the second floor. No fridge ,no safe. It looked like someone stole the fridge.
	I am not the kind of person who would write reviews, but this time I have to, this is the worst place I've ever stayed in my life, the room smelled, was too mosit and had a lot of small flies. Overall everything is just disgusting, Worst experience ever!!!!!
	Two positives: the front desk staff and the lobby. ALL downhill from there. Reservations did not confirm booking with Hotels.com so I had to wait at the front desk for 45 minutes while they sorted that out--the staff who helped me were very apologetic and helpful, however. The room and the annex in general is one of the worst places I've ever stayed. From the stench of the hallway to the dilapidated condition of the room, the free WiFi with no connection, and the balcony with its rickety railing and beautiful view of the parking garage and liquor store next door, permeated by the sounds of drunken kids in the hallways all night long and the cacophony of constant EMS and police sirens that never seemed to stop. If you're over 30, you DO NOT want to stay here. EVER. I will never stay here again--for the same money you can stay at the EconoLodge next door--certainly no better, but how could it be worse
	The Interior Renovations and design are very nice. Very comfortable and quite.
	I've heard such great things about the Chelsea, but their Annex is a dump. It really is. My bathroom was filthy. Neither my bathroom light nor my entryway light worked- we just had to use lamps. The room smelled like smoke or a gross cleaning agent, I couldn't tell. The walls are paper thin- I could hear a casual conversation in the room adjacent to ours. Even the elevator had 3 holes in its walls! Great location to Tropicana, but we won't stay there again.
	Bad: Thumping music all night long. So loud the windows vibrated.
	NOT shabby chic, just shabby. We had stayed at the Chelsea in the past and expected the Annex to be at least similar. But it was more like a downgraded, poorly maintained motel 6 trading on the good name of the Chelsea. Check in took 25 minutes waiting in line. The first room had high basement type windows (that were broken and didn't lock) looking over the roof where the air handlers were. The second room had a broken lock on the patio door. The patio was flooded, the dresser was chipped, stained, and drawers wouldn't stay closed, the bathroom door was water damaged at the bottom and stained, the bathroom floor was stained and dirty. Both rooms we saw were shabby and desperately in need of upgrades. The elevator floor was damaged and missing tiles, the restaurant downstairs (which was cute and hip in the past) is now old and shabby also. Not worth the money. As it is now, I would not recommend this hotel at all.
	Our stay was mediocre at best! There is CHELSEA and Chelsea ANNEX. We had the ANNEX, and it was in poor condition. Furniture was far from nice, front desk and lobby gave you a very good first impression. The people at the desk were nice. One block from the beach, which was huge for me. Paid parking at 10 a day in a lot about 1.5 blocks away, or, 15 a day got valet. The elevator was very rough to ride. There was a small, but nice, pool. No coffee maker, no microwave, no mini-frig, ices machine did not work very well. Out air conditioning was set at 50* and it was so hot in there, especially for sleeping. The maintenance man said it couldn't get any cooler because it ran on cold water, and the water wasn't cold! If you are in AC to gamble, or go to the beach, this is fine to use the beaten down bathroom, or lay your head on a pillow. We won't be guests here again!
	I heard positive things about the Chelsea hotel and booked a room for my anniversary in the Annex. I had no idea that this was a dingy, dirty motel connected to the the actual Chelsea hotel. We paid over 500 for 2 nights so it was not exactly a budget option. The room was the worst I have ever experienced.... More
	The Chelsea itself seemed very nice even thought I didn't stay in a room there. As you walk through the Chelsea and into the Annex you get a totally different feel. It goes from semi-upscale to the creepy part of the hotel in American Horror Story. The beat up squeaky elevators to dimly lit hallways and the sketchy bright red lights on every floor it screamed AHS. On the positive side the price was great for a Friday night and it was just a really short walk to the Trop. Next time I would pay the few extra dollars and stay at the regular Chelsea not the Annex.
	I booked the at the Annex, bad idea from the start. Twice I went back the the desk because my key will not work. I was upgraded to the nicer side where one of the pillow case had a hole and there was a bad smell. Stayed there before and this was the worst. Don't think I will be going back there for a while.
	stayed for a birthday party on the 26th DEC. SAL at the front desk was amazing!!!!! he is so sweet and his service was completely very welcoming. Anything we needed or had questions about SAL was the guy to go to. he knew all the area asked what we liked and made sure our car was there without waiting. All others at the front desk were not as professional and were not courteous. there was a big difference in service. SAL made it feel like we were in Vegas very professional. I will be coming back again ONLY if SAL is there. ME and my Husband luv the place. Thank you SAL!!!!
	Our stay was very bad . It started off with waiting to check in for an hour. Then when we got to our room our bed sheets had a whole in it and not to mention our Toilet would not flush . When I went down to complain about it the front deal receptionist had an attitude . For Over 200 a night I would expect to be treated better and the hotel to be updated . I would never ever say here again .
	Not the best place we have stayed at in Atlantic City but it was the worse. Rooms had a moldy smell. The first night we stayed there a fight broke out in the hallway. The second night another fight broke out. Now I understand the hotel can't control that but to a certain extent I feel like the annex just... More
	The stay overall was great but the only downfall was the WIFI connection was terrible.
	Really nice stay. Clean, modern room, comfy bed, good channels, great location (15 min walk from Disneyland/CA Adventure), but a very high security deposit of 100. A lot of money for someone if they don't know beforehand.
	Bad: Losing money lol. Good: I like the attitude and service from the staff...i enjoy the atmosphere and the food
	I booked last min, the night before. It showed Family Suite. It was still cheaper then most everything in the area. Booked on TripAdvisor reviews and location. Checkin was at 3pm, as shown. There was a small glitch with my room key working, but they ran a new key to me while I was at the door. The room was... More
	Check in took several minutes because the hotel clerk was having trouble with the guest before us. Clerk was not especially welcoming. Room is clean and updated, but sparse. This room was adequate but we would not have stayed there except it is within walking distance to Disneyland.
	Great remodel, rooms were super clean and well cared for and the lobby was nice. Perfect for trips to Disney parks.
	I was in town on business at the convention center, which is walking distance. This is a good place to stay, even for those visiting the Disney parks nearby. This is motel type place but renovated to modern standards with good fixtures. 2 Queen bedrooms are very spacious and clean. No breakfast here but it is close to many restaurants.
	Good bang for the buck. Nice sized room.
	This place was loud and had the most awkward set up. It made it very difficult to rest. Disney on 4 hours of sleep kinda sucks. The place was pretty clean.
	Clean room. Great price at 162 a night. Two beds offset so our son was out of the way while sleeping. Clean rooms and refurbished. Close to Disneyland. And my son said he caught a Charmander in Pokemon so he's happy. Great hotel for the price and proximity to Disneyland.
	This is a great hotel walking distance to Disneyland friendly staff clean rooms great price will stay again
	My family had an amazing experience. We arrived early and staff had a room ready for us. The walk to the tram is very short.. breakfast was good but would preffered scramble eggs and potatoes. The only problem was the parking, but staff made it easy to find one for us. Thanks for all the help!!!
	Stayed there to be close to downtown disney
	Good: The staff at the place is extremely friendly.Paradise Restaurant buffet good selection, good food, and reasonable cost.
	On short notice, my boyfriend I decided to pop down for a short trip during Disneyland's off-season. Because it wasn't the busy season, we decided to try out a different Best Western (we usually stay at the Best Western Park Place Inn). This Best Western had a great location, it's just right around the corner from the parking areas.... More
	I stayed here for 7 nights as I was going to Disneyland. I have to say firstly, the location was PERFECT. A 5 or so minute walk to the trams that go to the Disneyland park through the staff car park which is always open, and through the Mickey and friends parking structure. I want to say this hotel was... More
	The experience here was less than satisfactory for many reasons. Firstly when we arrived with our rental car at about 4pm tired after a 15 hour flight and the need to fill in the day till check in time at 3pm, we were astounded to find the hotel completely roped off with no way in. Seems the carpark which... More
	Our first room had a problem with the shower pressure and hot water so the staff was very helpful and understanding and gave us the room right next door (this was very gracious as we checked in late at night and it wasn't a hassle to move our stuff to another room). The service was helpful and very friendly. The... More
	We stayed at the Best Western Courtesy Inn recently for four nights and were happy with our stay. The rooms were comfortable and clean, they are a bit outdated and the room was a bit smelly but we were only sleeping there as we were out all day. The pool is great to Refresh yourself on a hot day. Again... More
	We stayed here at the last minute, and were a bit nervous that it would be a long walk to the Disneyland Resort front gates. The location turned out very nicely because you are a five minute walk to the parking trams at the Mickey and Friends parking garage. You get to walk backstage at the resort to get to... More
	All employees were very helpful and polite
	We enjoyed three nights at the Park Vue Inn and really loved the location. The family triple room was fine for our family of four. The pool was great and well used. We didn't realise until our final morning that breakfast was complimentary - perhaps guests could be informed on check-inn. I also loved the guest laundry. Overall I would... More
	Nice hotel, friendly staff, clean rooms, good included breakfast, nice pool and VERY close to the parks (5 minutes walk). Can totally recommend. We had the suite, and it was perfect for a family of five.
	Love this place. Fantastic housekeeping service, comfy beds, free parking, free cookies, coffee and lemonade in the lobby most of the day, free breakfast BUT the BEST part is the proximity to the park! We could literally see the crosswalk to the main entrance to Dland from our room! No kidding. the ONLY complaint I have is the air conditioning... More
	Bad: The room I booked was a non-smoking but when we got to the hotel, the gentleman at the counter said they didn't have any and have not had any available for several days. The guy then said that in order for me to get my money back, I'd have to go through the third party that I booked the room through. Good: Nothing
	Picked this hotel because of its best location right across Disney's gate. Room was just fine, not spotless and a bit tired but we could sleep well for 2 nights. Good breakfast. The on-site Cold Stone ice cream was yummy and having I-HOP next to the hotel was a plus. At the time of our stay the rate was quite... More
	This is truly my home away from home. Good complimentary breakfast that holds my family off until lunch. Breakfast includes waffles, muffins, toast, scrambled eggs, bacon or sausage, potatoes, biscuit and gravy depending on day, fruit, yogurt, hard boil eggs, and cereal. Everyone is really friendly. I have been going here for years and stay 5-6 times a year. The... More
	The rooms were clean and nice. They were renovating the restaurant when we visited, but the food was good with excellent staff and good prices. The pool area was okay. Good place for families with young children. Quiet surroundings and easy access to Disneyland with the bus shuttle right outside the hotel. Hotel staff was very friendly and service minded.... More
	After a long journey across town we turned up all hot and bothered but when we walked into the hotel lobby we were greeted with a warm smile and welcome. The hotel has free Wifi and parking which we found with all of the budget type hotels in the US. Breakfast was included and kids under 12 eat free. We... More
	This isn't a high end property by any means, but it is clean, reasonably priced, and a short drive to local attractions. It's right off highway 5, so it's easy to get off and back onto freeway. Parking is a standard open lot, no fee. The main negative is they have the window like air conditioner units that are noisy... More
	I have stayed at a lot of hotels through the years while vacationing at Disneyland, this hotel and its employees were wonderful. Great food service by Manuel and Vira they were the tops. I would recommend this hotel to all...
	Fabulousness front desk service, we were experiencing a not so great visit to Disneyland but Hilda Santana at the front desk turned it all around for us by being friendly, patient and reliable. Our trip was much brighter after that. THANKS
	Had a great trip. Motel was nice, clean, and comfortable. Food was ok. Taxi/ car to disneyland was only 15 each way. I think the bus was slightly cheaper.
	We had difficulty finding this motel. It is closer to Knott's Berry Farm over Disneyland. The check in lobby smelled of urine. The hotel does not have a lift of any sort for the second floor, therefore consider this if climbing stairs is an issue....More
	Very old hotel that caters to low class clientele. Being near Disneyland, this hotel is a fly trap to families who cannot afford something nicer. There were children running around all hours of the night and day and the hotel staff did nothing to keep them quiet. Our first night there we had a family above us with small children who kept running around the room and because of the noise we assume they were jumping off the furniture. We complained to the hotel staff and nothing was done to stop this. It continued until well after 11 PM and night.The second night we were there, we had a family with small children next door to us and it was apparent from what we saw, they were there with other families who also had small children. They were kept there doors open and the children were running up and down the balcony with no supervision. At 6 AM the next morning, someone was pounding on the door next to us very loudly and yelling fire, fire, fire. It woke up the people next to us so they opened there door and began to play loud rap music until about approximately 9 AM when we left. We were on the second floor near the office and all of this activity was extremely loud and had to have been heard at the office, but no action was taken to stop it.I would never stay at this hotel again!!!!Thank you for taking the time to write us a review. We are extremely sorry for the experience you had at our hotel. This is not something normal. I am also suprised our staff did not address the issue immediately. W hope you will give us another chance in the future to win back your business.
	Good: HELPFUL STAFF
	Anyone that's looking for a great hotel chain with fantastic customer service, professional, great prices in Atlantic City New Jersey The Best Western Envoy is the place where you will feel right at home.Overall I only use Best Western Hotel/motels whenever I travel. Excellent breakfast, excellent rooms, amenities decor location Best Western Hotels should be your number one choice. Thank you for staying at Best Western Envoy Inn, Atlantic City NJ. We are thrill to hear that you really enjoyed your stay. Yes we have fresh waffles for breakfast along with hard boiled eggs, sausage, many more items. Thank you for your feedback. It means a lot to us.
	I booked this room for a concert my husband and I went to. We only needed the room one night but opted for the king suite. Rooms was great, breakfast was willing. You have to walk a little to get to places but if we could do it in the frigid AC air, anyone can. Highly reccomend!
	Best Western on Pacific Ave Atlantic City NJ was dirty, bad section of town, in fear of our families safety. Never again, I always stay at Best Westerns , never a problem, but stay away from this one.
	Service was terrible, could not get any one on the phone to ask questions, there was only one GSR in the lobby. the breakfast was cold, room was dirty, floor never vacuumed, only one bar of soap, only one set of towels of each size
	I wanted to stay overnight for the Air Show there were 600,000 people in AC, so I knew we would have to pay top dollar to stay anywhere. All the Casinos were booked and all the board walk properties were also booked with the exception of the 2 star Days Inn which wanted 280 per night. I decided to go for the best western 129 even though I had read some questionable reviews. We were suprised at how nice the hotel looked. It was clean nice tiled bathroom new looking carpet on hall floors and in the room. The AC in our room worked fine and was on when we got there. There was a nice sized frige, coffee machine and blow dryer. The halls were warm because windows were open (no AC on). We had a great complimentary breakfast in the morning including fresh make your own belgium waffels, bagles, pastries, muffins juices and coffee. Staff was friendly and helpful. Being a city girl I was definately on my guard walking the one long block from the boardwalk at night 1AM but it was well lit and had several clubs and resturants along the way. It is also centrally located to all the Casinos and the beach has a boardwalk entryway with a rinse off shower and public bathrooms.
	Staff was very friendly and helpful!!! Good location, couple blocks from outlet shops and 3min walk to the beach and board walk. Neighborhood is not the best at night. But it is a good place to stay overall.
	This hotel had an ant problem, was extremely loud, we found hair on our towels, and someone else was given the key to our room at midnight. NEVER AGAIN! We stayed at several Best Westerns on our vacation, this was by far the WORST.
	I was a little worried from the outside and the lobby but I was very happy with the room. The breakfast was nothing to write home about. The proximity to everything I wanted to do was good. I would stay again.
	This best western is the next best thing to the casino maybe even equal comfort that's close to the boardwalk. I have been staying at this location for years. I even have a favorite room. They since have remodeled and it's really nice modern decor. It's generally inexpensive, but can sometimes be the same rate as the casinos because of its popularity. I always enjoy my stay and it's close to everything. One block from the boardwalk. There is a seven eleven across the street that has everything. There is a rite aid, liquor store, restaurants and laundromat few steps away. Highly recommend this location and nice staff in the lobby.
	The hotel did not seem like it was in a good neighbourhood but the rooms were nice and comfortable. Breakfast was good but served in plastic plates and cutlery. The breakfast buffet had a nice choice of food, yoghurts and similar. The check in was easy and fast, staff was nice.
	Very comfortable room. Our son came and they had a couch that they pulled out into a queen size bed. Free wifi and bottled water. This hotel was built back in the 20's and the decor is fabulous. A very neat hotel.
	Bad: That the tv would not switch to the input channel. I wasn't able to use the HDMI port on the TV. Good: The company I had with me. Lol
	The outside of the hotel is not the most inviting. However, the rooms were very clean and the staff was very helpful. Other reviews say this hotel is not in the best area. No area of Atlantic City is really considered a great area in my opinion so don't let that dissuade you from staying at this hotel.
	Was looking for a clean place to crash for the night , had a business meeting the next day. There was an old, tenament building smell in the building. You can tell they try to keep it clean. We met some hookers outside congregating in front of the entrance.
	I have stayed at this hotel many times and never a problem. Always have an enjoyable stay. The hotel is situated right near the boardwalk, the outlets to shop and the casinos of course all within walking distance and if you want to take the Jitney, the stop is right in front of the hotel.
	We decided Saturday morning to go to A.C. for the night (from North Jersey)... looked online for a hotel that was reasonably close to boardwalk and casinos and priced below saturday night casino rates... this hotel fit that criteria... 2 blocks from boardwalk... essentially between resorts and ballys... good location (although other reviews are right about strip bars on street between boardwalk and hotel)... hotel is older and no frills - but clean, comfortable (air conditioner in our 4th floor room worked great), and certainly adequate... i would certainly recommend this hotel as a reasonably priced place to spend an overnight
	The room wasn't all that I was led to believe it was. According to Ali, it was the best room in the hotel and it was big and spacious enough to accommodate myself and my 4 friends. I was celebrating my birthday. The location in proximity to the boardwalk was good but the neighborhood was kind of shady. The room itself was pretty big but the beds were small (they were full-sized beds), what hotel still has those It's usually queen or king. With that being said, we were kind of uncomfortable sleeping two to a bed. The room itself didn't get that cool as the air only circulated in the area where the air conditioning was and didn't seem to distribute throughout the entire room.On a positive note, the night clerk, I believe his name was Mahadi was extremely accommodating and attentive and we as a group appreciated that.
	The hotel room was decent and cute and clean! A non smoking floor as well which was nice since we had a baby with us or we would not have stayed there' We were passing through and chose the BW!The neighbourhood was sketchy as hell and we didn't feel like safest! When we got into the elevator-it sure smelt like someone just smoked a joint in there! ( not the hotels fault) Breakfast was ok, small room and super hot!bug a Nice lady working in there and helping out though! We slept well and had no issues
	We had two nights this month at the Envoy. Upon arrival we were not happy with front desk staff attitude, followed by getting a smoking room despite having booked non-smoking. On return to the desk they could only get us two doubles non-smoking although we were there 15 mins past 3pm and I am a Gold Elite BW member.Parking was good, secure and very handy.Later in the stay we experienced more rude front desk, and saw other guests experience it too.The remainder of hotel staff seemed friendly but spoke little English.Breakfast (included) was fine but they only would put out so much.... even though they had reserves and therefore one had to go very early if one wanted any choice.Location was fine - a block of the boardwalk - but nighttime ventures out showed the neighbourhood to be somewhat rough on the road to bettering maybeAC was ok which was good because it was hot!
	spacious, clean room, relatively close to boardwalk, a 7eleven across the street... not prime location (you feel that Atlantic city is not in its best days), but good value (even with the charges for parking) as it is walking distance to boardwalk/beach and the room is nice
	The rooms were comfy and big. Not many minutes from the boardwalk or city centre. On the negative side the surrounding area is a bit gritty, but that is a AC problem, so you really cant blame the hotel.
	Seriously security is too bed!! Some one stole my stuff in my car!!
	Good: Best gambling in Vegas and best comps! Brewery is great, rooms very clean, staff is wonderful. I only stay at Main Street.
	Near downtown sd, fashion shopping mall, easy access to highways. Beds semi comfortable. Fine for overnight lodging.
	We stay here everytime we're in town for the Supercross and it's a really nice place to stay! The room is really clean and the beds are really comfortable. We'll definitely continue staying here when in town.
	Let's start wth the positives. The location is good, easy to get anywhere. The price was good. The front desk was quick and professional, not super friendly, but professional. That's about it for positives. The hotel is extremely dated. The beds are tiny and uncomfortable. The room is in disrepair, broken lights, rusty doorways, loose outlets. We found a nasty... More
	Free parking, Free Wifi. Relative to other similar hotels of this calibre the price was approximately double that of what we were used to be paying. Location wise it was about 10-15 minutes to most sights in the San Diego area. Although rated as a 3 star it felt closer to a 2 star or a Motel in decor and... More
	Room was quiet. Pool and hot tub available, which was a nice perk.
	The staff were very friendly and helpful, but the hotel itself is a hit or miss. Upon arrival, the room was very small, crowded, outdated uncomfortable. Not what you would expect from a BW Plus hotel. We unpacked most of our stuff and went for dinner, only to come back to discover the bathroom had not been cleaned and... More
	We were thrilled to find availability at this hotel, as we booked it the week before our trip. Most hotels were sold out in the area, so we were pleasantly surprised to find comfortable, clean, and hospitable accommodations. We loved the location, which was within a couple miles of Old Town San Diego. If we ever need to return, I... More
	Very nice room, comfortable bed with good HD TV. Nice amenities and also good if you have children with you. Rooms are quiet and well maintained. It is right off the interstate and short drive to almost everything you could be looking for in San Diego.
	Nice hotel, great location, easy access to freeway. Pretty tropical landscaping, really nice pool fitness area. Front desk staff, friendly. Beds comfy, clean, fridge, table. Only issue seemed to be a funny smell that came and went the AC, took long for room to cool the lower the temp, unit would make a loud noise. Not sure if smell coming from the actual unit.
	front desk was awesome, housekeeping was awesome, the only thing was the last night of our stay, the security guard asked to check our room out for absolutely no reason we were about to go to bed and were being quiet...we had the same 3 people we had had the whole time and he said interesting and walked out, nothing else happened and we went to bed....VERY strange...other than that I loved this hotel and we will be retuning!!!
	Bad: I still really hate the cigarette smoke in the casino. But other then that (and all the crazies on the fremont experience at night) its fun and awesome!. Good: Location was perfect for our leisure trip. Free valet parking is always amazing (of course we tipped every time we picked up and dropped off our car!) The amount of things to do on the Fremont Experience is endless! What an awesome experience. Truly the 9th island for Hawaiians like us! We love it!
	Ok, I know it's San Diego, Hotel Circle, but this hotel makes you feel like you're on an island somewhere far away. The landscaping is lush and almost tropical. It's far larger than it looks from the street. The rooms are a bit small, but they're still confortable with all the amenities except microwave...but I didn't miss that. And I... More
	dirty
	This is a terrific hotel. I make it a point to stay here every trip to San Diego. The grounds are beautiful and the amenities are great! Ask about the PG program. The PG lounge is awesome! The staff is eager to help in any way,
	Did not sleep.. sadly when we arrived this hotel was directly the msin hotel affected by the construction and its crew, that was performed during the whole night, made our short trip to the beach a sadly terrible one
	Not bad.. Room is nice. I asked for a Bottom floor because my knee. I got room 107. Approximately 20yards from parking.. But directly across from pool. I dragged all my gear (I'm active duty military ) up a set of 2 steps . Oh well right .. You get what you pay for
	I guess they don't care about the little critters that creep around the room. We informed the front desk and all they said was, hum. We usually have the rooms sprayed! Found two centipedes and spiders crawling around.
	The internet was so slow that my data kicked in. That I could be OK with just a nuisance. I got back to my room around 9pm and wanted to take a bath. The stopper on the tub did not work so could not do that. I think it is funny how things that are so minor do not work... More
	I was very apprehensive about staying here having read some reviews and have come to the conclusion that only complainers write reviews. We had a wonderful stay in a cheerfully lit spotless room, with gracious staff which was also an excellent value The rates even went down and we were offered the lower rate. I would gladly stay here again... More
	Recently stayed for a business meeting and enjoyed the newly renovated room! Modern, clean with great city views. The location was walkable to restaurants and bars. The conference / event staff was courteous.
	My daughter and I came to San Diego for a concert. I booked my stay but when I arrived to check-in, the hotel did not have a record of my reservation. I had my confirmation email in hand but the hotel clerk would only tell me she didn't have anything and said I needed to contact the Hotels.com. I think that I would have rated this hotel higher if perhaps she had offered to call them for my seeing as how I had my confirmation email in my hand and it would have just been that extra customer service effort. I did contact Hotels.com and they resent my reservation and the hotel upgraded me to suite for the inconvenience. There was no apology from the hotel which I thought would have been appropriate. My hotel key kept getting deactivated because my cell phone would get too close to it so that was a hassle, having to take it to the front desk to get activated. My room had a slight odor in it but after a day or so I didn't notice it. Overall my room was clean and it was quiet. It suited my needs but wasn't anything extraordinary or spectacular.
	Bad: 1st - PARKING LOT **BAD,BAD,BAD** This is 2017, nobody need driver to parking car, unless you're 85 yrs old (should not even drive). But drivers that steals quarters from your rental car, this is very low. 2nd - They asked a deposit of 100. Because I was planning to get it back, I used a BC and not a CC. On check out I was informed that it will take 1 to 2 days. Should I trust on it 3rd - If you sleep on that room 512 and need a AC on, make sure you are deaf or use to leave near NY freeway. The noise of that machine it's worst than sleep on LV international airport at 9am with your windows car open. Will I stay on this hotel again NEVER. Good: Location, access to shopping, and cleanning
	Perfect for one night visit to tour SDSU. Room was clean, looked newly renovated and very comfortable. Not sure I'd hang out at the pool, though. Double queen room was good for 2 people would have been tight with family of 4. Staff was friendly and courteous. Breakfast was fresh and plentiful. Centrally located to all attractions. Would definitely stay again.
	The personnel at the front desk were very friendly and helpful. The room was a whole lot better than I was expecting. The bathroom was a bit tight, the shower/tub was a good size tho.
	We were invited to the wedding of a close family member in San Diego with only 3 weeks notice. A friend got us two rooms at Rodeway Inn Qualcomm at a discounted rate to help us with travel expenses. We received our confirmations 15 days prior to check in.On the very morning we left for San Diego, we received a phone call from the manager of Rodeway Inn Qualcomm telling us we were not eligible for the discounted rooms, and our reservations had been cancelled. There was no offer to keep the reservations at the standard rate the reservations had simply been cancelled and the rooms were no longer available. When asked why he would do this on the day we were due to check in, the manager basically told us he did it because he could.We understand that hotel policies may limit the availability of discounted rooms, but we should have been notified earlier so we could make other arrangements. We set off to San Diego with no accommodations. This was certainly the worst customer service we've ever experienced at any lodging establishment.
	We were greeted by Yadira and she was very accommodating and very friendly, we felt at home right from the get go. The room was very clean. The hotel staff made sure all our needs were met. We all had very satisfied tummies with their free breakfast. We'll definitely be staying here again!!!
	This hotel exceeded all my expectations. It is conveniently located and a short drive to everything San Diego has to offer. Marcia and Elisa at the front desk were incredibly helpful and friendly making my stay all the better. They went out of their way to answer any questions and make recommendations as to what to see. Thanks again!
	We've had a very pleasant stay at this hotel, great staff and forseen of all comforts, the rooms are not the biggest. We can definitly recommend people to stay here, we will definitly be back one day.
	I cannot say enough about this outstanding hotel. Everything was top notch! The valets and front desk went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable, easy and memorable! La Jolla is so beautiful and upon our return we will only stay at this amazing property!
	We wanted to take a quiet moment to thank you and the staff at the Grande Colonial for an extraordinary stay. The staff was professional and attentive, the facility had old world charm with modern amenities and the food and drinks were a delight.Thank you, Jccwins. We appreciate you taking the time to post feedback here on TripAdvisor. Our staff and the warm, gracious, and genuinely-friendly service they provide is our greatest asset. And I am so happy to see that reflected in your review. We look forward to welcoming you back again in the future. Best regards, Terrence Underwood, General Manager
	My boyfriend and I had a most excellent stay here! We checked in on this past Sunday and stayed until this Tuesday. From our arrival we were greeted by Benny, the Bell Captain who along with the rest of his Bell staff took care of us from go. We were allowed to check in early to a Junior Suite 102 which had a beautiful view of the Ocean located at the end of the street. Our suite was located out in a building separate from the main hotel and off the pool area. Just around the corner from the front desk. Our suite was large had a separate sitting area with a flat screen TV and a small fridge under the counter which had plenty of cabinet space. 2 sinks one in the bathroom and one in the counter where the fridge was. Luxurious Bathrobes that I ABSOLUTELY wanted (will put on my birthday list :) Bellman Dan scooted us over to a local restaurant in the hotel golf cart... they will offer to take you just about anywhere and will also return to pick you up.rnrnService at the Front Desk was exceptional, friendly, courteous and consistently above and beyond helpful! I commend who ever does the hiring here because they have done a Fantastic job of hiring people that either love their job and sincerely want you to enjoy your stay or they do a great job in faking it LOLrnrnHotel is located within walking distance of all the quaint shops, it has it's own restaurant but we were not impressed with the menu... we did however take advantage of the happy hour deal the appetizers were tasty and 1/2 off as was their signature cocktail Orange Crush. The day before the boyfriend ordered a Cloud 9 that was the BOMB! and I got my favorite Lemon Drop both were flavorful but I must say this was the only place I was not impressed with the Bar Service it took a while for our appetizers to arrive and they were not as attentive as the rest of the hotel staff had been /rnrnAll and all a very nice place to drop in during the week we get the impression that weekends here (like most places) are a zoo. Parking on the street down the hill is free so don't spend the 22.00 on valet just find a spot on the street.rnrnRespectfully Reviewedrn
	We had a wonderful 5 day stay here! We enjoyed everything about this hotel. The staff was friendly, housekeeping was great, the grounds were well kept and constantly being worked on while we were there. The breakfast was exceptional. Its close to beaches and San Diego attractions I would absolutely recommend this Marriott and stay here again and again. Thanks for a great stay!Thanks for the top score review. I am confident that future travelers to San Diego and to our hotel will find your review very helpful. Please come back and see us again in the future.Regards,Jonathan CorrellGeneral Manager
	Bad: Dirty and old room. Valet parking is not comfortable. Casino is old and has no roulette. If you have a car, you can stay, cause the price is everything. Good: Pretty cheap for Las Vegas
	Great place to stay, Justin at the front desk gave us a warm welcome. Our room was really nice and clean. We really appreciated the service that Maria our breakfast attendant gave us during our morning.Dear Rafa2408,Thank you for taking the time to review your stay, I 'am delighted to hear you enjoyed your suite and the service our staff provided. We work extremely hard to ensure we provide exceptional service to each and every guest. I will ensure I give Justin his kudos for the service he provided! Thank you again for your time and we hope to serve you again when your travels bring you back to Scripps, Poway.
	Our family of four stayed at this hotel for a night. The room had a king size bed w/ sofa bed. The room was small. the room was renovated recently but it didn't feel like it. The place was still under construction. Breakfast was very ordinary , Juice machine was not working and staff had hard time keeping up with the refilling food stuff that were being consumed by the hotel guests.Dear Sdtourist,Thank you for taking the time to review your stay, we do our best to execute exceptional customer service and we clearly did not during your stay. Please except our sincere apologies. We have put guidelines in to ensure we provide phenomenal service to all our guest. Thank you for the feedback and if your travels ever bring you back to Scripps, Poway we hope to serve you again.
	Excellent place to stay for some fun and traveling convenient airport shuttle and great staff nyja at the front desk amazing helpful and so was the engineer Albin ai believe it was I will definitely be returningHello, Thank you for choosing to stay with us. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay. Please come again the next time you are in town.
	Room was clean and the service was very good, the continental breakfast with a lot of stuff to choose. Good hotel for the price, only one think I see they need a bigger garbage cans in the room for families with small kids.
	Our flight got in late so we needed a place to stay. They sent a shuttle to pick us up at 12:30 AM. They gave us a double bed for my little one and had breakfast in the morning. It's clean with good staff. Plenty of parking. We also got a late checkout.
	I've been working in Philadelphia on temporary assignment and staying at the fairfield inn for a little over a month and the staff is amazing,Tamika Victoria and Vanessa are great they are always professional but caring as well Ms. Denise and John the shuttle driver's are so helpful.
	We booked this stay using Marriott points so we would be close to the airport for an early morning flight. The evening staff were very gracious. We were booked for the morning shuttle and paid to leave our car in the lot rather than park at the airport. Our room was clean and comfortable. There is a Ruby Tuesday across... More
	We alway stay at Hyatt whenever we finish Orlando trip before our next day flight. Check in and out were as smooth as usual, The room is quite large for 3 of us spreading our luggages, and it is also very clean. The kids were fancinated by the newly installed bathroom in-mirror clock.
	Second time for us in this hotel, and as before very nice place. Location is excellent to visit the Napa valley area. Centrally located to visit the wineries and near the downtown area. Staff is very nice and helpful. Accomodations very good. We had an issue the second night where we requested a change of room because we had a very noisy and rowdy family in the room above us. The type of inconsiderate people existent in todays society. It is not the hotels fault. Vincent, in the front desk, was very helpful in getting us another room in the 3rd floor.It pleases us to know you had a good time while visiting our hotel, thank you very much for taking the time to share your review. You are welcome back anytime!Hilton Garden Inn Napa Management
	I am staying at this hotel for business and it has exceeded expectations! Absolutely gorgeous, great location, superb amenities, super comfy bed.....I could go on and on. If you're visiting New Orleans STAY HERE.....you won't be disappointed!Jessie, Thank you for your great review on TripAdvisor. Your recommendation means a lot to us and we hope to welcome you back again soon. Warm regards, Ellen LeMaire General Manager
	Bad: The hotel is very tired - could use an update. Now, I understand why such a deal. Can not figure out higher rating given to it overall. Good: Location was in the middle of the Freemont Experience.
	We had a corner suite on the 8th floor this past weekend and were pleasantly surprised by the large size of the room and bathroom. Upon check-in, we were told that the pool and roof bar were on the 9th floor. We had concerns about possible noise only being one floor down, but our stay was very quiet throughout the weekend. Pluses:The room was very clean and nicely furnished. Customer service was excellent. We called the front desk to request a fridge for medication and it was delivered within 5 minutes. We also saw a couple gift items in the gift store early on Sunday morning before our flight out but the shop had not opened yet. The manager was kind enough to open the store for us an hour beforehand so that we could make our purchases. The hotel is only a short 5-10 mins walk from the French Quarter. High quality, soft toilet paper and high quality toiletries and linens provided. Nice brushed nickel finishes in the bathroom. Complimentary water in the room.Minor Issues:King-sized bed was a bit lumpy and sagged except for the middle. We would have preferred a smoother, firmer mattress. The power buttons and volume buttons on both remote controls for the TVs did not function. The next day, we finally found the joystick button on the bottom middle frame of each TV to control the volume and power. We did not use the pool, but it is very small.We are delighted you enjoyed your time at NOPSI. Let us know when you are travelling back to NOLA and we will ensure your stay is most memorable. Warm regards, Ellen LeMaireGeneral Manager
	We booked Nopsi for my 40th birthday and this hotel lived up to my expectations. My spouse is a lifetime Marriott Platinum member so we have had our fair share of hotel stays. The service and hospitality was amazing. The staff was courteous without feeling stuffy...the best way to describe them was authentic with a large does of Southern hospitality and they were all wonderful.They upgraded us to a better room which comprised of a wrap around view. The upgrade was complimentary even though they were fully booked. Two thumbs up and what a wonderful way to kick-off my birthday.The hotel bed is amazing. I described it as feeling hugged but not hot. I received the best sleep and my spouse said the same. I'm a side sleeper and he's a back sleeper so it's shocking that we both like the mattress.The bed was so comfortable that I emailed the hotel to get the make of the mattress and will order it for our own home.We frequented the lobby bar and the drinks were on point.I don't recall the name of my drink but it reminded me of salty plum but our bartender described it as vinegary. Personally, I thought it was well-balanced. The Frenchman was also well-made here. The rooftop bar was a scene but not compared to Orange County or LA. Much less pretentious and the skyline was pleasant.As others have mentioned, the hotel is not in the middle of the action but walking distance to Bourbon St and many of the best local restaurants (GW Fins being my fav for the grilled oysters and desserts).Bottom line, I would stay here again the next time we are in NOLA.Sara, thank you so much for choosing to stay at NOPSI! Its wonderful to learn that you had such a fun and memorable 40th birthday with us. We love making all occasions special, and were delighted to have won you over. A terrace room overlooking the city certainly provides an unforgettable experience. We hope you and your husband will make visiting us an annual birthday tradition so that we may treat you to more pleasant surprises!Warm Regards, Ellen LeMaireGeneral Manager
	Our holiday stay at the NOPSI was PERFECT! The hotel and the architecture are spectacular. The staff, from housekeeping to management, was professional, efficient, polite and friendly. The service was just as one would expect from a luxury hotel. I can't say enough about the bartenders at all 3 bars. They were knowledgeable mixologists, friendly and efficient. The view from the rooftop bar is grand and so is the atmosphere. The lobby bar is beautiful and the live music in the evenings was a wonderful treat. Room service was delivered quicker than anticipated and was delicious! Our breakfasts were first class! The 3 egg omelet Pontchartrain, Porchetta Hash and Eggs, Pecan Belgian Waffles and 1/2 Ruby Grapefruit Brle were the best room service meals I believe my husband and I have ever had for breakfast. The room service wait staff was polite and friendly. Although we did not dine at Public Service during this stay, we have in the past and found the food and service to be exemplary. Christmas morning we were greeted with a stocking hanging on our door. The stocking was filled with fresh fruit, candy and baked goods. What a wonderful surprise! The accommodations were beautiful and comfortable. My husband is generally very uncomfortable sleeping in hotel beds and lounging on hotel furniture, but he was very comfortable during our stay at the NOPSI. He was so pleased, that he has already booked the hotel for a return business trip in the near future. Love this beautiful hotel in my favorite city! Can't wait to return.Sharon, Thank you for sharing your wonderful review on TripAdvisor. I am thrilled that you enjoyed a little lagniappe on Christmas morning as well as phenomenal service throughout your stay. It is an honor to be your hotel of choice in New Orleans. Our team looks forward to welcoming you again on your next visit. Warm regards, Ellen LeMaireGeneral Manager
	After being on a 7 day cruise that left out of New Orleans, we decided to stay and explore the beautiful city of New Orleans. We were with a group of friends who were staying at the NOPSI Hotel, so we decided to book a room there too, and boy were we glad we did. This hotel is virtually brand new, opening in July 2017. The NOPSI Hotel building formerly served as the headquarters of the citys power and transportation company, New Orleans Public Service Inc. Its absolutely amazing how this hotel has been transformed into such a gorgeous and luxurious hotel. As we pulled up to the hotel, we were warmly greeted by the bellmen, Bolton and Will. These gentlemen took great care of us and our belongings. What a great feeling to be welcomed so warmly the minute one arrives at a hotel! The rooms have the most comfortable mattresses, finest linens and all the amenities you could ever want, including robes. They bathroom is quite exquisite, with its grand two door entrance, marble countertops, double sink, and oversized shower.If so inclined, you can choose to indulge in an on sight spa service at the NOPSI Spa. There is an on sight restaurant, multiple bars, one in the grand atrium and one in the restaurant area. Be sure to check out Above the Grid, the rooftop pool and bar. Above the Grid is open to hotel guests and locals, providing everyone with an extraordinary view of the citys skyline. NOPSI Hotel is about a 1 mile from Bourbon Street. Its situated in a perfect location, walking distance from virtually all local attractions. We walked back and forth to Bourbon Street many times during our short stay. On sight parking is available for a fee. You should contact the hotel directly for daily rate charges. Pinot, Thank you for sharing your NOPSI Hotel experience. We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay. It has been exciting for us to finally share NOPSI with our guests. Whether you are dining at one our restaurants or relaxing in one of our well-appointed rooms, we are here to make your stay memorable. Warm regards, Ellen LeMaireGeneral Manager
	The hotel was new and fresh and loved the fact the old, city, utilities building was repurposed and refreshed. The staff was friendly and everyone helpful. The location was far enough away from the French Quarter to be quiet but still within a 10 minute walk. Class Act all the way!It's great to hear from you and I'm glad you had a fantastic stay at our hotel. Your comments to location and staff are gratefully received and we hope to welcome you back soon.Warm Regards, Ellen LeMaireGeneral Manager
	Close to parade routes, walking distance to the French Quarter but not in the middle of it it! Nice roof top bar and pool and view of the New Orelans areas. Would definitely stay hear again when New Orleans.
	Unacceptable, unprofessional behavior.1. Couldn't get into room because I wasn't on the reservation. 2. Person let into room who wasn't on the reservation.3. Unreliable housekeeping.4. Double-charged for entire stay... WHEN I WASN'T EVEN ON THE RESERVATION.So, to begin... My friend PREPAID with her card for a room for us to share, but requested that my name be added to the reservation since I would arrive in NOLA hours before her. There's a whole email trail to prove they agreed, had my name spelled correctly, etc. I arrived, and they're like who are you I'm tired. I've been traveling. I need to shower, but no. I can't get into the room until hours later when my friend lands and gets it sorted from her Uber. I check us in using my card for incidentals, saying they'd only put a 50 hold on my card if we charged something to the room (we didn't). My friend arrives three hours later, but basically gets into our room about 15 minutes after I do. Once she's there, she tells me a pretty funny story. Her bf and his friends had another room, and even though he never put them on the reservation at all, they gave them keys! I had documentation and couldn't get into my room, and they, complete strangers for all the hotel knows, just waltzed into theirs! A huge security issue!The room itself was nice enough, and so was the pool however, the pool bar closed at random times despite having official posted hours. The bartenders were rude, as was most of the hotel staff (except for the doormen, who were delightful). Our room was only cleaned half the days of our stay. Housekeeping didn't replenish the toiletries when they did clean the room, and with two women, we obviously ran out of shampoo. When we called the front desk, around 10pm, they said they'd run out! At 11pm they came with a bag (and I mean garbage bag) full of.... lotion Because that helps. So both my friend and I showered without washing our hair, only to have housekeeping show up again at 2AM IN THE MORNING, banging on the door, with one bottle of shampoo that I guess they found. Not only was it late, but it was LATE.And now the worst part, to top it all off: Remember when I wasn't even on the reservation Yeah, they charged my credit card on file for a temporary hold FOR THE ENTIRE STAY. After my friend HAD ALREADY PREPAID. They got their before we even stepped in the door, and then double charged a completely different credit card with a completely different name. Yeah, no. You can deal with my credit card company thanks. I'm giving them two stars instead of one because the doormen were so incredibly nice. The nicest I've ever met. They should all get bonuses.And some additional minor points:Doormen: SO NICE! I LOVED THEM!Housekeeping: Good job cleaning WHEN they cleaned (but didn't restock soaps)Pool: Small but really nice, great viewBars: Rude, closed for no reasonFood: GreatBed: ComfortableBathroom: AwesomeNoise level: LOUD but it's not the soundproofing. It's the crazy loud fan/vent.Location: GREATOverall cleanliness: GREATThank you for taking a moment to share your review on TripAdvisor. Your candid feedback is truly valuable. I am disappointed to learn of issues you encountered during your stay as well as the service that should have been executed flawlessly. My apologies for your experience and I hope you will allow us another opportunity to serve you. Warm regards, Ellen LeMaireGeneral Manager
	Hotel work in progress. Pretty enough and nice roof top bar. Tiny gym. Terrible WiFi and worse service and effort in dining room. Its not a great deal with these issues. If they care they can improve but not clear they do. Also my room was not clean until 6 on the day we checked in forcing us to wait 2 hours. Thank you for choosing NOPSI! We appreciate your feedback. I am disappointed to hear that service did not meet your expectations. If travels should bring you back, we would love the opportunity to demonstrate our service levels in the future.Warm Regards, Ellen LeMaireGeneral Manager
	I have never been treated so badly in my entire life. I have called this people so many times to ask questions regarding friends comin over for as me have in a lil get together. An every one of my questions where answered wrong cause they made it a point to ruin my night. My friends where not allowed to go to the public bar or swim they told me on the phone the was open til 11. once we got there they said it closed at 8 I guess it was cause we where black an they thought they where talkin to a white person on the phone. They said my guest where welcomed once they got there they stopped them from comin up once again guess it was cause we where black. I will never return to this hotel from hell again. An also they let people order drinks under your room number wit out gettin permission from the person the room is from wow is all I got to say.Dear Sasha, We strive to deliver an exceptional experience for our guests at NOPSI Hotel, but this evidently did not occur during your visit. We take very seriously any complaints of discrimination, any forms of which are not tolerated in our company. As the hotels General Manager, I welcome the opportunity to discuss this issue with you, and also address and clarify your concerns regarding pool usage and rooftop access. My e-mail address is elemairenopsihotel.com and you can reach me via phone at 504.962.6512.Warm regards, Ellen LeMaire
	We stayed at the NOPSI Hotel for the LSU game at the Dome. It was a wonderful surprise! It was an easy walk to the Dome from the hotel. The hotel was beautiful! Our room and the bed was fantastic! The staff couldnt have been nicer or more accommodating! We couldnt have been more pleased. Will definitely stay here again on our next trip to The Big Easy!!Thank you for choosing NOPSI! It's a pleasure to learn the numerous things that made your time with us unforgettable. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future. Warm Regards, Ellen LeMaireGeneral Manager
	Bad: Not much. Good: For several years, a group of us has met for the SEMA SHOW. We have always come over a day early, and met for fun and dinner at your 777 Microbrewery. This time we were booked at MAIN STREET STATION as well.We'll be back, particularly since you didn't charge resort fees.
	We recently spent three nights at The NOPSI in New Orleans. Nothing but good things to say. Beautiful first impression - absolutely gorgeous lobby! Extremely friendly and helpful staff - from the doormen, the front desk folks, the concierge - everyone! The location was an easy walk to the French Quarter but far enough away from the not so nice part. And the rooms were great - spotless, comfortable and large. Nice bars in the lobby and on the roof and also in the adjacent restaurant (which had a very good breakfast). All in all, A+!Frank, Thank you for visiting NOPSI Hotel. Our service professionals strive to make our guests feel at home from the moment they walk through the doors. We are honored that our service has earned your recommendation and look forward to welcoming you back in the near future. Warm regards, Ellen LeMaireGeneral Manager
	This location is perfect: it's walking distance to the French Quarter and to the Business District, yet it's far enough away from the craziness of Bourbon Street that you can get some sleep, if that's your thing. Everyone is very friendly. Rooms are modern and comfortable. Nice shower. The bed was a tiny bit too soft for my liking, but it didn't tarnish my experience in the least.Thank you for taking the time to review your stay with us as we appreciate hearing how much you enjoyed our property and service provided. Sounds like our rooms and staff exceeded expectations which is our ultimate goal and know that our team will be commended for their efforts. It was a pleasure to have you as our guest and we look forward to having you stay with us again.Best regards,
	This hotel is perfectly located..close enough to walk to the action but far enough way to not be apart of all the hustle and bustle...the hotel is fashionably decorated, comfortable, and the staff is very accommodating! The roof top bar was everything, especially at night!
	Exceed my expectation! The place was amazing. The rooms were very clean, hotel employees were extraordinarily kind. They answered all questions and directed us to the some great local places. I will definitely stay here again.Our goal is to exceed the expectations of our guests, it's always exciting to read when our guests tell us we did. Thank you for recognizing all the efforts of the team, we look forward to your next visit. Wayne General Manager
	A little pricey, however the location and service was excellent. Breakfast is not the best, at least as a Diamond level is complementary. I highly recommend this property, location, staff and rooms are excellent. Thank you for taking the time to write this review of your stay and we are delighted to know you enjoyed almost everything about your stay. We are currently transitioning our restaurant and trying out some new items and processes, please know that the breakfast service will improve as this is a main priority. It was our pleasure to have you as our guest and do hope to have you stay with us again.Best regards
	We were taken aback by the staff, especially Jalan who since we walked in took care of us. We felt like royalty! They secured a bottled of champagne and treats for our 22nd wedding anniversary ... so very kind! The hotel is lovely, a boutique stay with a Hilton flair. Its modern but not over the top. Very clean and very comfortable with a great rooftop bar. It is not in the French Quarter so beware we actually liked that as we know NOLA well. Surely a destination to be considered. Thank you for taking the time to write this wonderful review of your anniversary celebration at our hotel. We love to hear back when we not only meet but exceed expectations. Jalan is certainly a rising star on our staff and has been commended for his efforts in taking great care of you. It was our pleasure to have you as our guest and hope to have you back for another visit very soon.Sincerely,
	You do not want to miss this gem! From the moment you enter the front door to the time you leave the experience is like none other in NOLA. Beautiful hotel, great staff, rooms are perfectly cozy and a little like Vegas. Rooftop bar ambiance is clutch with a great view! Quiet and perfectly locatedThank you so much for taking the time to share this rave review of our hotel. We love hearing compliments such as this and how our property, service, and amenities created such a wonderful experience. It was our pleasure to have you as our guests and do hope to have you back for another visit real soon.Best regards,
	Toilet paper is like sandpaper. Billed for charges that even the staff can not explain and having to make numerous repeat calls to get corrected. A week later and STILL not corrected. If you stay, get your bill before you leave the property! Coffee was offered in lobby first day and then STOPPED Seems as if the restaurant is struggling and they wanted people to purchase coffee vs offer. Pitiful. One of the worst hotel stays I have had, especially from a Hilton. Location is not the best eitherThank you for taking the time to share this feedback and we apologize for any issues you encountered during your stay. Your feedback is very important to us and so please contact me directly to discuss further so that I can address accordingly.Regards,
	Very nicely decorated in retro fashion. Loved the steamer versus the traditional iron.Very friendly and accommodating staff.Although location is within walking distance to the French Quarter, would not recommend walking late at night. We found ourselves a bit turnaround when walking back from French Quarter. We stopped in at the Emergency Department of Tulane Hospital for directions who advised us that it was not safe to be walking in this area. They called us a cab despite the fare being very short (a few blocks). Thank you for taking a few minutes to share your experience. The comments of our guests are important for others to get a feel of our property and location. Sorry to hear you got turned around, be sure to let our concierge assist you with a map on your next visit.WayneGeneral Manager
	Wonderful hotel located in the heart of the quarters. Walking distance to everything, drinks as you walk out of the hotel lobby, friendly staff. Enjoyed my Mardi Gras experience by staying here... ...Thank you for taking the time to share your comments. Mardi Gras is an amazing experience here in the Big Easy and we are excited we were able to be part of yours. We look forward to seeing you again very soon! Wayne General Manager
	Bad: Check out was too slow. Good: Buffet was excellent
	For someone who had never visited New Orleans before, I could confidently say that the troubadour staff made me feel like I was at home. I was told about all of the fantastic restaurant and bars that weren't tourist traps. The front desk staff provided quite a bit of useful information about the city and were a fantastic resource that answered all of my questions. My room was always immaculate and the housekeeping team was able to accommodate all of my requests. I look forward to my next stay soon.Thank you for sharing your experience. We are excited you spent your first trip to the Big Easy with us. I'm very proud of the team here at The Troubadour and always enjoy reading when guest recognize all their efforts. Can't wait to see you on your next trip to NOLA!WayneGeneral Manager
	My husband and I decided to head South to spend our April 2018 birthdays in New Orleans. Our stay at the Troubadour was perfect. The entire staff (especially Jalen at the front desk and bellman) made our trip memorable and worth a return stay. This will be our home away from home whenever we're visiting New Orleans. Oh, and the buffet was simply marvelous!Thank you very much for choosing The Troubadour to celebrate your birthdays with us and we are delighted to know you had such a great time. We will be sure to share this among our team so they know their efforts did not go unnoticed and we do hope to have you back for another visit real soon.Best regards,
	My husband and I enjoyed our stay at this property. It was located within walking distance to Canal and Bourbon St. The only unexpected things were the price of parking and the 50 a day hold on our card. The hold is refunded though.
	The staff is very friendly and helpful! Rooms and hotel are very clean! The rooftop bar was very nice we really enjoyed the music the view! The rooms are big but it was plenty enough room for my wife and I. Lastly I loved the location! 15 mins away from Bourbon St. and the French Quarters ! Which was wonderful so we didn't have to worry about the loud party crowds!!Thank you so much for taking the time to review your recent mini vacation with us and we are delighted to know you had a great stay. We will commend all of our staff for exceeding your expectations with our service provided. Your business is very important to us and we look forward to always being your hotel of choice whenever you visit our city.Best regards,
	The hotel was very clean and the staff was great! My friends and I booked this hotel for my birthday trip and we would definitely stay again. It's near the heart of the city, The French Quarters, and neatly hidden at the same time.Thank you for sharing and Happy Birthday! No better place to spend it then the Big Easy and we appreciate you allowing us to be part of it. Thank you again! Wayne General Manager
	Staff was friendly... Clean room... great location... will definitely stay again. Right by the Superdome.. Not far from everything else. No ice machine on your floor but staff brings ice to ur room quickly. Again great stay.
	We stayed here for 3 nights as part of a road trip! The reception staff were lovely and polite on check in! The rooms were comfortable, clean and very funky! The bathroom was amazing! However the toiletries were not replaced when the room was serviced daily. The walls were quite thin and we could hear the guy in the room next door! It wasnt horrendous and it didnt disturb us. It seemed to be very stylish but some of the finer points were missed. The upstairs bar was recommended to us on check in so we tried it out. We were really disappointed with the bar, it was a Monday night, and it was not busy. The staff seemed uninterested in us, we sat down and my dad went to the bar to ask a couple of questions, he was stood there for nearly 10 minutes, we decided to leave when eventually a member of staff spoke with him so we decided to stay. The first drink I wanted was a southern comfort, but they had none. Next I wanted a Gin and tonic but they had no tonic. In the end I had a cider which wasnt very nice. The bar staff continued to seem disinterested in us and we felt like a burden to them. It was nice sitting on the roof top and having a drink but that was the only bit of the experience we enjoyed. We did not use their car park because it was expensive, but it was in a good location for other car parks. We did not want to be in the middle of the French quarter and found that we enjoyed the 20 minute walk to get there from the hotel! It is in a good location for lots of breakfast stops as well. Hello Leah,Thank you for your stay with us. We are pleased to hear that your check in experience went well but we are sorry to hear there were some issues with housekeeping and the service you received at our roof top bar. These issues have been addressed with the team so that we may improve on this. We hope you will give us a chance to win you back as a guest.
	The Troubadour is a hotel that is clearly run by seasoned professionals. It is modern and beautifully appointed. The staff is friendly and welcoming. The room was spacious, the bed incredibly comfortable , the bathroom had every amenity and the largest and nicest shower imaginable. The rooftop bar was lively, had a great view, drinks and DJ. It is a short walk to the French Quarter. Do not hesitate to stay there!Thank you for taking time to complete a review of your recent stay. I'm thrilled to hear you had an enjoyable stay. We know you have a lot of choices when selecting a place to stay and appreciate having had the opportunity to impress you. Thank you for the recognition and recommendation, we look forward to seeing you again soon.WayneGeneral Manager
	Had a fantastic stay at the Troubadour. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful with suggestions for restaurants. The hotel was clean and modern. The only negative was that the walls are very thin but didn't bother us too much. Everything else well surpassed my expectations. Thank you very much for the five star review!!! We love to hear that we exceeded just about all expectations which is our ultimate goal with all of our guests. Please know that our walls were actually built thicker than what was recommended for a hotel when we completed this renovation, may have been a case of noisy neighbors that we could always try to assist with once reported.We appreciate you staying with us and do hope to have you back for another visit real soon.Best regards,
	stayed here the weekend of the Rock and Roll New Orleans marathon. The staff were all very friendly and accommodating. The hotel itself was gorgeous, comfortable rooms and huge bathrooms. My main reason for giving 5 stars was the breakfast and inspirational note that the staff put in my room the night before the race. What a great touch.The only thing I noticed that I didn't love was that I could hear the elevators moving all through the night. My room was right behind them though so I doubt this was a problem on the other side of the hotel. I will definitely stay here next time I am in town. :)We appreciate that you took a moment to share your experience. I'm very excited to hear you were so impressed during your trip to the Big Easy! We always strive to exceed the expectations of our guests and I'm proud to be working with such a great team. Thank you for recognizing all their efforts. We look forward to seeing you again for next years marathon if not sooner, the Crescent City is coming up soon!Thank youWayne General Manager
	Bad: To be honest, nothing to complain about. Just too bad that there wasn't any free wifi in the rooms. Good: Considering that we only paid 88 dollars for 2 persons for 2 nights, this was great value for money. The hotel is located in the middle of Fremont Street, so you just step outside and you are in the middle of the action. Our room was on the 9th floor and we didn't hear any noise whatsoever. The room was maybe a bit old fashioned, but still offered everything you need. We were positively surprised that we had access to the pool and gym of the California hotel. We just needed to walk 2 mins to access their facilities. The gym was really good equipped for a hotel gym. Pool was really nice and quiet. Would definitely stay here again!
	Lovely hotel with an amazing rooftop bar. The rooftop bar is on the 17th floor looks out over the city with couches and sitting areas besides a big bar to sit at. Rooms were decorated nicely with a touch of orange as the signature color. Bellmen and concierge were very helpful with good advice for where to go. It's in walking distance of Bourbon St but wear comfortable shoes There is lots of walking and sidewalks are uneven most everywhere you go. Of course, taxis and Uber are available. Thank you for taking a few minutes to share your experience. Happy Birthday!!! We appreciate you sharing your comments for others to get a feel of The Troubadour and our Monkey Board rooftop bar, we are excited to hear you enjoyed the atmosphere up there. The team will enjoy reading your comments and we thank you for recognizing all their hard efforts. We look forward to seeing you again soon, at least before your next birthday!WayneGeneral Manager
	This was a very nice hotel. Great location. Staff nice and professional. One stood out for me and was very helpful and fair. Her name is Sarah- Sarah Smile. She upgraded my room due to my room was not ready after the check in time. She was also so helpful with telling us where we could walk to for a great meal. We were able to walk to the Casino, Bourbon Street, Canal Street, etc- it is really a great little hotel in a perfect location. Oh yeah, the roof- we thoroughly enjoyed. Nice mingle spot! Good drinks and food! Don't slip- I heard about and purchased thru Hotwire as not known until I paid for it- great choice-but will book direct next time. I do recommend to your review readers and I will stay there again.Thank you for the wonderful review and recognizing the efforts of our hard working team here at The Troubadour. We appreciate that you took a few minutes to share your experience for others to appreciate. It's always nice to read what our guests have to say. We look forward to your next visit.WayneGeneral Manager
	We had a wonderful trip at New Orleans as we are invited by Tulane University School of Medicine. Me and my spouse were extremely busy with academic commitments. The hotel is very good and near to Tulane School of Medicine. Breakfast is good and service is very high quality. The room is descent, medium size with all the amenities. Bathroom is simply superb. Room service is also praiseworthy. Only draw back is its House Keeping team. One should not keep any valuables or important materials outside as during house keeping things may be missing. One should lock all the valuables in his or her suitcase before leaving the room and kept for house keeping. This issue was serious by nature and we have reported several times on this issue. Otherwise it is a lovely hotel with very friendly front office staffers.Thank you for sharing the details of your stay. We are glad you enjoyed your stay and we appreciate the comments. We do provide a safe in the room for valuabls, in this case I'm aware of the medications that were inadvertently thrown away, I'm glad we were able to retrieve them for you. We look forward to seeing you again soon.Thank youWayneGeneral Manager
	Pretty good stay, staff was a bit rude and our room was not ready when we arrived. Other than that, it was a good stay. Would go again in hopes of nicer maid services. The door man was very helpful and kind. Thank you for taking a few minutes to share the details of your recent stay. While I'm pleased you enjoyed your stay and our door man was helpful, I'm disappointed that any team member came across as rude. The team works hard to deliver exceptional service, it's clear we failed with your stay. We will discuss with the team to insure this does not happen further. Thank you for bringing to my attention.WayneGeneral Manager
	This hotel was awesome the rooms were great the staff was awesome the location was perfect the only draw back to this hotel is the 40 for valet parking however there are other cheaper options close to the hotel the roof top bar was really cool the breakfast was excellent overall the hotel gets a 97 out of 100 score from meThank you so much for taking the time to share this great review of your stay and we are delighted to know how much you enjoyed our property and service provided. There are cheaper options of parking around the area which is due to them having less labor and security costs than ours but yes they are conveniently located should guests decide to utilize those options. Your business and feedback are very important to us and we look forward to having you stay with us again whenever your travels bring you back to New Orleans.Best regards,
	Carl was great. Carl was the concierge and he helped us with touring New Orleans. The rooftop was the best part of the hotel. It had a stylish bar and a view of the city that you only get from this hotel Thank you so much for taking the time to share this feedback about your recent stay with us and we are delighted to know you had an excellent stay. You are correct in stating how wonderful the view is from our Monkey Board Rooftop Bar and also about the job Carl does as our concierge. We appreciate having you stay with us and hope to have you back for another stay real soon.Best regards,
	Everything from the property to staff were delightful. This place lacks a pool however. They pride themselves on authenticity. I requested a late check-out and was surprised to have that shut-down immediately. They did however accommodate an early check-in from 4:00 to 1:30ish.
	I love this hotel. It was cheaper than the ones - Sheraton and Marriott on Canal - where a conference I was attending was held. The decor is beautiful (Erykah Badu-like art on the wall and retro galore with a bit of artisan flare). My room was at the end of the corner and I didn't hear a thing, a privilege when traveling in a major city. The front desk manager called later to see if I had a good stay. Shout-out to Kavana at the front desk who was kind up my check out and departure as well as the people working in the first floor restaurant. The endive salad and fish was a perfect meal. The roof top bar looked like a lot of fun, but aside from a quick snap shot, I didn't stay as I needed to decompress from my travels. But I shall return. 12-15 minute safe walk to the Quarter. Take Rampart or any parallel street to Canal and head toward river.Thank you for taking the time to review our property and we are delighted to know you had a great stay with us. It sounds like every part of your experience at our hotel was perfect which is music to our ears. We certainly appreciate you staying with us and look forward to having you back as our guest whenever your travels bring you back to Nola.Best regards,
	The art deco decor and large floor to ceiling windows created a festive yet zen atmosphere. There was a hiccup upon check-in with the system being down but generally speaking, service was great and staff very friendly. After check-out I realized I was charged for something incorrectly and Chris addressed it immediately and was able to correct it without hesitation. Great location and intimate feel came with friends but will revisit with spouse.Thank you so much for taking the time to review your recent stay with us and we are delighted to know you had a great stay. We appreciate the feedback as it's very important to us and we will be sure to commend Chris for resolving the issue you encountered quickly and efficiently. It was a pleasure to have you as our guest and look forward to having you back for another visit real soon.Best regards,
	My daughter and I have stayed for 5 nights here during our visit to New Orleans. Very cute hotel, modern design, good vibe, friendly staff! We've got a nice corner room at 14th floor, beds were so comfortable and everything is new and clean! Walking distance from French quarter, Bourbon street, Lafayette square, we didn't even use any transportation beside the street car to get to the City Park. Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience. Our guest comments are very important to us, they allow us an opportunity to celebrate our successes while also finding ways we may improve. We look forward to seeing you on your next visit to New Orleans.Thank youWayneGeneral Manager
	Bad: This room is straight out of a horror film. Good: I like Fremont st
	Not up to HHonors standards. Beautiful property, nice rooms and bath room nice clean carpets and bedding / bed comfort. But, NO HOT WATER for 25 minutes - each morning. Yes, we were told to wait 20+ minutes for the hot water to get up to the room level. And, the internet didn't connect, so we (my traveling partner - in another room) had to use the 'staff' WiFi with their password.Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback and we do apologize for not meeting expectations during your recent stay. I will review all aspects of design and address accordingly to ensure our guests enjoy their time as our guests. The boiler at our hotel did experience a mechanical issue that we addressed as quickly as possible but this did however cause our guests to experience no hot water for a period of time. Please know that this was not due to anything other than bad luck and timing. Our boiler is very new and plenty big enough for our hotel, this was an isolated issue that has been corrected moving forward. We are however happy to hear that you felt safe and secure while staying with us and do hope to have you back as our guests the next time you travel to New Orleans. Sincerely,
	Very pretty hotel. There was Wonderful lady at the check in desk and she handled everything with ease. We had a little bit of an issue but she was so great she didnt make it an issue. The room was spacious and quiet. Everyone and I mean everyone was helpful and friendly. The rooftop bar called The Monkey Board was so terrific. Saturday night was a fun dance party and Sunday afternoon we enjoyed the sun and had some of the most delicious crawfish i have ever had. Thank you so much for this fantastic review of your stay and please know that it has been shared among our team. Chef Dana will be thrilled to know how much you enjoyed his crawfish and its always nice to hear when the team exceeds all expectations of our guests.We appreciate you staying with us and look forward to always being your hotel of choice in New Orleans.Best regards,
	The Troubadour is excellent. Clean, secure and accommodating. All are super friendly and helpful. Quiet, felt safe and the extra was coffee, hot and ready, in the lobby each morning. Centrally located.Thank you for the great review, we look forward to your next visit. Wayne General Manager
	As a lifetime Diamond member, I have stayed at many Hilton Properties. Several within New Orleans. The decor is contemporary and colorful. Rooms are spacious and well kept. The best part of my stay was the staff. Carl was especially helpful and made our stay easier. i will definitely be back.Thank you for taking the time to write this excellent review and for choosing our hotel as your place to stay during this recent trip to New Orleans. It sounds like our property and service provided exceeded all expectations which is our ultimate goal with all of our guests. Carl will be commended for his efforts in going above and beyond to ensure you were well taken care of and we look forward to having you back as our guest very soon.Best regards,
	Clean, comfortable bed and modern dcor. A very nice rooftop bar but there are times this place gets too busy for the number of employees, so services gets a 7 (from 1-10) Good value on alcohol.The breakfast service is super good, the have a buffet style and fresh omelette's made to order. Must say this hotel does not really cater to the business traveler, no comfortable desk area in room, no place to make a few copies (i.e. business center) For a vacationer this is super great place, clean, location and good staff.Thank you for taking the time to share this review of your stay and for providing this feedback. Please know that this will be shared among our team leaders as we work to improve in all areas so that all guests have what they need to thoroughly enjoy their stay. It's great to hear how much you enjoyed our breakfast service, location, and most aspects of our property. We appreciate having you as our guest and look forward to having you stay with us again should your travels bring you back to the area.Regards,
	Loved the unique ultra modern design! All the employees we interacted with were very pleasant and accommodating. Looking forward to returning to the property to spend a little more time there to explore the Monkey Board rooftop lounge.Dear 200Williamsf, many thanks for your super nice comments about this new and fun life style hotel in The Big Easy! We can't wait for your return for another Monkey Board rooftop bar and dj music experience. Ron Olstad, General Manager
	The service was pretty awful. Check in took way too long - only one person at front desk who was extremely slow. Requested cab in AM and staff was unable to secure - got own Uber instead. Arrived back at hotel at 6PM last day of stay and room was being cleaned - unacceptable! We went to the front desk to complain and were offered free drinks at Monkey Board and reassured would be completed soon as well as told that hotel was full - that was why cleaning being done so late - not the customer's issue at all and should not be used as an excuse. Major inconvenience as we had been at French Quarter Fest all day and were planning to rest a little before getting ready for dinner. Also, elevator setup is less than optimal. Big line in lobby to get up to bar interfering with guests trying to get to rooms. Also, didn't seem to be separate service elevator from guest elevator - another dissatisfier. Nice looking hotel - rooms were actually very nice looking/well designed and decent location but really need to get the service kinks out before I would recommend to others and/or return. Lots of other great choices in NOLA....Thank you for your comments Josh, I'm very disappointed to read we didn't exceed your expectations. Your concerns have been shared with my Front Office Manager and Director of Housekeeping so that we can improve. I'm very sorry for the inconvenience and know that we can do much better. We definitely want to earn back your trust and certainly your recommendation. I'll be reaching out to you directly to see how we can do that.Thank youWayneGeneral Manager
	The Troubadour is a couple blocks outside the Quarter which is ideal for driving in and out while there's parades happening. The studio room we had was spacious and comfortable. Nice big shower his and her vanity. Though it had somewhat unsettling, disturbing artwork on the walls. The rooftop bar has a great view of the city but it's sadly not accessible 24/7 but only from 5 pm till last call. They should change that as I'm sure it would be equally enjoyable during the day. The drinks are extremely overpRiced. You're better off bringing your own drinks. I also would've liked to see a pool and whirlpool there but there wasn't. The restaurant had delicious breakfast and pastries and the servers were friendly and accommodating. A couple cons: The carpets in the room looked like they hadn't been vacuumed in awhile and a couple days they didn't stock enough towels or tissue. Also be careful to not leave valuables out, even food. We left some freshly boxed muffins on the desk that we intended to eat later but found they had been taken when we returned to the room hours later. The elevators kept malfunctioning that even the staff found inconvenient. The acting manager, Toriano, the first shift front desk people were extremely friendly, patient, competent and professional and compensated for any mishaps we experienced. They offered us a great deal for Mardi Gras weekend compared to the other hotels in the area. I would definitely recommend this hotel while visiting the city.Thank you for your comments, they are very important to us. They allow us to celebrate our successes, and also look for opportunities to improve. We will certainly share the details with our management team to make sure housekeeping is doing a more thorough job while cleaning the rooms while also taking care with guest items. We apologize you experienced these deficiencies. We thank you for taking the time to share and we are excited to see you again in the future.WayneGeneral Manager
	Very good , all excellent, TONY D. Very attentive and friendly as a great friend , many greetings, in general excellent my stay, the room I love has a very nice views of the city. I RECOMMEND IT EXTENSIVELY.Thank you for taking the time to review your stay and we are happy to know that our service and property exceeded expectations. Tony will be commended for doing an excellent job and we look forward to having you back for another visit real soon.Best regards,
	The Troubadour was an awesome hotel for us! I absolutely LOVED the decor. The bed side tables couldnt be beat! The roof top bar was an incredible view and it was even more special because thats where my boyfriend proposed! I couldnt ask for a better view. Its a nice central location and the food market next door was awesome! The only thing I wish was better was the valet service. They werent very timely and one of them gave us serious attitude. Other than that it was incredible and I would 100 go back!! Thank you so much for taking the time to share this lovely review of your stay with us at The Troubadour. It was truly our pleasure to be a part of this special moment and congratulations on your engagement. We appreciate having you stay with us and look forward to having you back as our guest anytime your travels bring you back to New Orleans.Best regards,
	Stayed here for second time recently. Gorgeous lobby. Friendly staff. Good free shuttle service. Our room this time was disappointing. King bed in too small space so that one side did not even have a lamp. Also the heating/cooling unit was right next to the bed and very noisy so we turned it off. Luckily it was not needed. Room... More
	Bad: nothing!. Good: buffet is excellant! room are clean, great view of mountains and saw fireworks in distance.
	I go to Seattle very frequently for business, and this hotel was the 5th that I've stayed in this city. The room was good and clean. Wifi was stable. TV reception was not the best, but wasn't bad eiter.The hotel is right by the lake, so a nice pleasant walk outside. It's also close to a few restaurants and a corner store.Overall, I think it was a good hotel.
	Just stayed here for the Who concert and also for the Paul McCartney concert in April 2016. Both at the Key Arena: easy walking distance. Nice thing is that Francisco at the front desk remembered me when I checked in this time! Or better yet, he'd gotten my request for connecting rooms and already blocked them for me! That's pretty good service, I reckon.
	Proximity to waterfront and downtown Seattle. Room was comfortable and service was good. You can walk to Space needle from this location. Ask for a waterfront facing room. Standard breakfast and internet.
	I was charged 244 for a one night stay in a very average room, I expected far better for the price sadly this is a similar standard of a holiday inn or days inn who are far cheaper. Staff were friendly enough, reception appeared to be under construction, I shall not be using this Marriott againThank you for your recent comments regarding the hotel. I understand the importance of receiving a value of staying in a downtown hotel, and Im sorry you didnt feel you received that value while staying in the hotel. At this time, the hotel is undergoing a major re-imaging of the lobby space and exterior with additional plans to begin the rooms and fitness area. Once this is completed, I hope you will give us another opportunity so you may see the value of the location and to gain your loyalty. Thank you again for your feedback.
	I stay at a lot of different Marriott properties and this Courtyard was one of the nicest of the Courtyard brand i've stayed at. It has a big lobby with plenty of seating and a dining area for the Bistro that is very nice. The front desk staff was as usual very friendly and accommodating. They had a room ready for me at 10am when I checked in. Starbucks coffee is served at the Bistro and they have a nice food menu as well. The room was immaculate and the bed was comfortable. Air conditioning was nice and cold. The view of the lake was excellent. I happen to be in Seattle on some beautiful weather days. Clear skies and no humidity. If your doing business downtown and need to see Amazon this hotel is a 6 Uber ride. You could walk to some nice restaurants on the lake or take a short taxi ride for 5. I would suggest Uber from the airport as opposed to a taxi. Uber was a 39 ride and the taxi was a 50 ride.Hi Thomas,Thank you so much for sharing your wonderful experience at Courtyard Seattle Downtown/Lake Union. Much appreciated for the comments on commute fairs and the positive feedback about our hotel and staff. Thank you for staying with us and we hope you see you again on your next visit to Seattle.Sincerely,Dan PhamGuest Service Representative
	I very much enjoyed my stay. The room was excellent and the location perfect for my business trip. It turned out to be very near many tourist attractions as well. I give special kudos to the staff - I left a shirt in the room as I was trying to make a hasty exit to get to a meeting and the staff was wonderful about getting the shirt and shipping it back to me. All in all, a wonderful stay!
	Lovely place and very friendly staff. Although no shuttle was available from the Amtrak station, they did offer to send a limo driver. He was waiting for us as promised and charged 25, which seemed very reasonable. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was typical for a free hotel breakfast, nothing outstanding, but certainly more than adequate. Walking distance to key downtown sites.
	I go to Seattle very frequently for business, and this hotel was the 5th that I've stayed in this city. The room was good and clean. Wifi was stable. TV reception was not the best, but wasn't bad eiter. The hotel is right by the lake, so a nice pleasant walk outside. It's also close to a few restaurants and... More
	This hotel is on a well-known avenue and literally across Lake Union. You can see from your hotel room window all of the lake tours available and boats to rent. So many people walking, jogging, and biking around the lake. Make sure you go for a lake view room. Just down the street there are some good places to eat like a BBQ place and Art Mable 21 restaurant. The staff is the best, very helpful and friendly. What I enjoyed the most was their breakfast Acai bowl, so good and an energy boost to start the day right. WiFi is always free and I had no issues.Dear EndyBOSTON,Thank you for sharing your feedback! I am glad to hear that you enjoyed your time at our hotel with the surrounding area being active and upbeat, matching the mood and view of the beautiful Lake Union. The Bistro's Acai Bowls are the best and I'm happy you had a chance to enjoy them at the top of your morning here. We pride ourselves with our staff service and hospitality, so knowing that we were able to take care of our loyal guests, like you, is an absolute delight! Can't wait to have you staying with us again whenever your travels bring you back to Seattle.In hospitality,Alina C.
	PROS: Amazing views from lake view rooms worth extra 10! Great location close to Space Needle and great restaurants in Lower Queen Anne. We walked to Space Needle and City Center in 15 minutes, it's about 1.1 miles. If you include parking, it is faster to walk. The newly completed MOHI is right across the street, which is well worth the price of admission - we spent half a day there. Great, friendly customer service from front desk staff (Marriott 800-number, not so much.) Now that construction is complete on Mercer access to downtown and the freeway is a piece of cake. Free evening (after 9am-4pm) and weekend parking right across the street (vs 27/night garage parking). CONS: Marriott reservations gave me a hard time trying to get a cheaper rate that came available. Water in room is 3.00. Candy bar in market is 3.50 and they have removed the vending machines. Two cans of beer in market were 14 (the price of 12 a the store). Bistro menu is pretty short. We were not sure if there was any breakfast room service because there was only a dinner menu in our room. Power button on TV remote did not work, but channel changer and volume did.WEIRD: I have never seen a green flushing toilet that used so much water!!! The flushes were torrential. More than my standard toilet at home by double.Thank you so much for taking the time to share your recent experience at our hotel on Trip Advisor! I am happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us, particularly the view from your room! We love the changes that have been taking place in the South Lake Union neighborhood, particularly now that the roadwork is complete. I did want to share that while we do offer room-delivery for dinner, our breakfast is only available in the Bistro. However we are happy to package anything on the menu to-go if needed!We hope you will choose our hotel again next time your travels bring you to Seattle.Sincerely,Rachel PackardFront Office Supervisor
	Bad: access to parking. Good: the location
	Stayed in a King room with a pullout sofa for teen daughter. Shower pressure was great and room had a fridge. Had a lovely view of the lake and enjoyed watching the Kenmore float planes take off and land. The staff is excellent at this location. The bartender made some excellent recommendations for dinner. Ask for a coffee cup at the desk as they have complimentary Starbucks in the little market. Prices are expensive for a Courtyard but Seattle is an expensive town.Hello handwesh,Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback regarding your recent stay at the Courtyard Seattle Downtown/Lake Union hotel. I am pleased to hear that you and your daughter had a memorable and positive experience during your stay. Should your travels bring you back to Seattle, we hope to have another opportunity to serve you. Sincerely,Dan PhamGuest Service Representative
	Great location across the street from lake Union. Hotel and rooms have been updated, also has a bistro, convenient for meals. Tons of great restaurants in walking distance. Staff here has always been great. I'm actually here as I write this review and and have stayed here a handful of times over the past few years. Also has a below... More
	For the rate of 200, it would've at least been nice to get a complimentary bottle of water with the room. There's a hampton inn down the road that is just as 'nice', would rate as average, and provides a breakfast with the rate. I guess if you're getting reimbursed for expenses, then your rating would be higher.I am sorry to hear your stay with us did not quite meet your expectations. However, we do appreciate your feedback and thank you for sharing your experience on Trip Advisor.Sincerely,Rachel PackardFront Office Supervisor
	The hotel is very nice, even more than I expected! The room is soacious but the queen beds are small! The lobby is very nice and the breakfast at the bistro is delicious! And the snacks in the market are top quality! Service is great!! Had a very pleasant stay here!
	My room was in a wonderful spot - near the elevators, near the gym, near the ice machine. The staff was very helpful. They gave very good suggestions about where to go during my short stay. Sorry, did not stay long enough to have anymore experiences. The only thing I can say is that I was very, very comfortable.
	This is a nice property, just by the lake union. The folks at the front desk were warm, friendly and helpful. I really liked this gentleman who would even strain his neck if there are lots of people at the reception and and peek out to say welcome back! when I return from office! Ha!There are a lots of eateries by the lake, so that's a win too.Some improvement opportunities - this is the only hotel where I found the housekeeping would just keep the bed and bath but wouldn't clear out used glasses, plates, soda cans etc. Those stuff were there on the table even after housekeeping was done.It would be great to have some variety in their room service. Especially if it rains, people opt to stay in have some food and I found the bistro options very limited.Also, the bistro staff were either very nice or made a bad impression - for instance, this one lady with a curly bobbed hair appeared very rude and made me feel like I am serving her when she came to deliver my food and in another instance, this one man appeared oh so friendly, almost too friendly and the moment I signed the receipt he was looking for the tip amount - making the whole thing feel like a forced show to get tip rather than genuine hospitality.But yea, the property is great and everything is at walkable or short driving distance. Overall 4 star experience.
	I'm so impressed. I got in late last night, and needed a cab early in the morning, and needed on time. The person I spoke with at the desk confirmed they'd have it there when needed (and I'm sure she meant to, she was very helpful). Well, staff changed overnight and the message didn't get passed on, and even if it had, apparently they're not supposed to do that, I should have called in the morning. When the car wasn't there, I was frustrated. The person I spoke with was very apologetic and tried to help, but when I realized what happened I just immediately booked an uber, and left very disappointed. Things like this are mistakes, no hotel (or person for that matter) is above an occasional mistake, but how it's handled makes all the difference. Tonight I got a personal email from their operations manager apologizing again, which was totally unexpected, and very appreciated. As if that wasn't enough, he also credited me a bunch of Marriott Rewards points in an effort to go the extra mile. Wow. I was amazed! I've had bigger things than this happen, and have just been told basically tough luck. They didn't have to do anything and they did. You could see a small hotel really caring about my experience, but generally I wouldn't expect it from a large chain (or the LARGEST in the world for that matter). My trust is higher now than it was before I checked in. Thank you. Definitely Redeemed. Other than that, normal courtyard, great.
	No surprises here, a great stay at this Courtyard! We were in town for 2 days prior to boarding our cruise and we loved our stay. For two adults, a child and a senior everyone was happy. The room was clean and nice size. The view of Lake Union from our room was beautiful and the location was great! Gym, great for the stay!Food in the restaurant, served its purpose and great to be on site!Service, fantasic!Very Happy with this stay!Thank you so much for your wonderful review! We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us before your cruise and hope to see you next time your travels bring you to Seattle!Sincerely,Rachel Packard
	My 18 year old nephew and I recently spent 3 nights at Courtyard-Lake Union. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff was especially helpful and friendly. They accommodated a connecting room request (even with a late arrival), helped schedule a whale watching tour and overall very friendly. The rooms were very nice, clean, and well maintained. The surrounding area has a lot of construction currently but other than that the location is great. It is within walking distance of the Space Needle. I would definitely choose this hotel again.
	We stayed here for 9 days for vacation purposes, so we experienced pretty much everything this hotel has to offer.It's location is great. It is right in front of Lake Union. Ask for a room looking towards the lake (floors 5 or higher): you will be rewarded with beautiful sunrises and sunsets. You will also see people kayaking and swimming. And Kenmore Air departs for its water seeing tours from there, so you can see plane lift ups and water landings: cool!As though that was not enough, you are 1 mile away from Seattle Center (Space Needle, EMP Museum, Chihuli Gardens, etc).We had a car, so it was nice to find plenty of parking, even for SUVs. Unfortunately you will be charges 27/day.Rooms are very comfortable. The staff (all of it: reception, restaurant, housekeeping) makes a point of acknowledging customers in one way or another every time they see you. And Whenever you request something they deliver it rather quickly, regardless of the hour. The hotel has a swimming pool and a hot tub. Small both of them, but good enough.The restaurant is open for breakfast and dinner only. No complaints on the service: very good. Breakfast offerings are fine: from healthy choices (oatmeal, yogurt with granola, fruits, etc) to more elaborate ones. Variety is limited but decent and it is all prepared rather fast. Dinner options were not attractive to us. We found them a bit over priced for the quality and quantity. However, the hotel has a small market where you can find a few things to eat, assuming you do not want to go out for dinner.A few blocks away from the hotel there is a Starbucks and a McCormick Schmick's restaurant, both of them with waterfront viewing. And about 5 blocks away there is a Bartell drugs where you can find medicines, regular snacks and a few more sophisticated options (salads, Gouda cheese, prosciutto and good crackers, etc).All in all: great place to stay. I highly recommend it.
	Bad: Very satisfied.
	This is my favorite Marriott property in Seattle. The location is hard to beat and the water views are worth the great sunsets and I love watching the seaplanes come and go. Many great food choices are in this area, with even more coming to Lake Union. Nice remodeled lobby and breakfast area. Staff is always super friendly and you have to love the extra points game they offer at check in. I'll be back soon!Hello TruckeeTroutTraveler,We greatly appreciate you taking the time to share your wonderful feedback about your recent stay at the Courtyard Seattle Downtown/Lake Union. I am glad that we provided you with a positive and memorable experience and exceptional service. Hope to see you soon!Dan PhamGuest Service Representative
	Stayed at the Courtyard Lake Union for one night on business and I usually dread staying at Courtyards but was pleasantly surprised how well appointed this property was. I believe it has been significantly renovated and they've done a great job!The location is excellent with a lovely view of the lake and walking distance to many restaurants, bars and sights. It takes about 20 minutes to walk to the space needle and about 60 minutes to Pike's Place.However, I've only given this hotel a 4 rating as 430 for one night is crazy for this level of accommodation.Hello kmalho,Thank you for taking your time to share your feedback regarding your recent stay at the Courtyard Seattle Downtown/Lake Union hotel. Our hotel did go through quite a few renovations and I am pleased to hear that you liked it. We hope to have another opportunity serve you whenever your travels bring you back to Seattle.Sincerely,Dan PhamGuest Service Representative
	We always use Hyatt for all inclusive vacations but this time traveling through the US we decided to try Hyatt House. We were traveling with our 2 dogs - we were a little taken back by the non-refundable pet fee of 75 for nights 1-7, we were only staying one night and thought this was a little steep. However, after checking in and seeing the cleanliness of our room, being a pet friendly room you expect to find at least one sign another dog had been there - Nope! Immaculate! Great cleaning staff! This location is very convenient and we will stay here again. The hot breakfast was delicious. The staff very accommodating. Nice place all the way around. 5 stars!
	The hotel is new and the rooms are very nice BUTthe waiting time for the elevator in the morning can be up to 20 minthe Que for breakfast is so long and you cant even get a seatno poolrooftop is closed in winterthe free shuttle bus... you need to wait from 30-45 min for 5 min drive and 15 min walkhouse keeping do very little - room was not cleaned as expected when you call the reception it takes 5-10 min to be answered
	Wonderful stay! The hotel was amazing. Modern, superb location, clean and wasn't expecting a full kitchen. The staff was wonderful!! Especially Brennan!! Very helpful! Breakfast buffet is top notch! Create your own omelet!
	I recently spent two nights at the Hyatt House on Fifth Avenue in Seattle. Great Location - but I felt the Hyatt House was a bit disappointing. It began with the check-in early Sunday evening. Two Hyatt Housers were on the desk - but only one working intake. I waited about 5 minutes to be checked in. Next was the size of the room - extremely small even for the room type. Next was the food service in the bar - absolutely the worst burnt cheeseburger I have had in quite a while accompanied by 16 broken potato chip pieces and a cupcake which was advertised to be scrumptiously fancy (it was not - it was plain awful and dry). Next was the shower - no water pressure (and this is a relatively new hotel). One of the better highlights was breakfast, while selection was limited - the food was good.Hyatt Houses are usually outstanding - evidently I caught the Seattle Hyatt House on Fifth Avenue during a underperforming period.ZAismy2ndHome,Feedback from our guests is very important to us and we appreciate the detailed concerns. We strive to exceed all of our guests expectations and know we still have some work to do. Please let us know if there is anything we further assist with - we look forward to another opportunity to serve you in the future.Sarah Junge
	We chose this accommodation due to its proximity to several sites. Museum of modern art is 1 minute walk, Space needle 1 minute walk and the monorail is a 1 minute walk.There is also a collection of restaurants and shops an easy 2 minute walk from the HotelWe checked in late, about midnight with friendly and efficient staff.The room has a queen bed with separate kitchen, bathroom and lounge room and is very comfortable.The Hotel has free tea and coffee in the foyer and a happy hour between 4.00pm and 7.00pm every night with US3.00 pints.Breakfast is sufficient with both hot and cold selections buffet style.The free shuttle to a radius of a kilometre was enough to get to Pikes market which was good. When you are ready to return just call and they will collect you from one of the designated pickup pointsI would return to this Hotel if ever back in Seattle
	Comfortable clean pleasant spacious rooms with cooking facilities Friendly and helpful staff Superb breakfast Good location opposite the Space Needle and Monorail Best of the hotels during our three week holiday in America Highly recommendedDear Nick W,Thank you very much for reviewing the Hyatt house Seattle! We very much appreciate the 5 star review and are delighted to hear you felt we were a hotel to remember! We know you have a lot of choices when staying in Seattle and are thankful you choose us and would highly recommend us.Thank you and I hope the rest of your trip in America went just a great! Sincerely,Jonathan
	My family and I were surprised at just how good this place is. Given its location right in the heart of Seattle Center and its affordability, we thought for sure something was amiss. Parking in the area is expensive, here it is 25/day with full in/out privileges in a protected garage. The rooms are spacious, with a kitchen (microwave, stove, full fridge/freezer, sink, etc.) with an elevated dining table. Add the spacious bedroom, bathroom, and sitting area and you have a comfortable place for four to stay. The full breakfast is above average but the real hidden gem is the H Bar. We ate here a couple of times and the food is outstanding. The happy hour features a good selection of 3 local tap beers and the place is never really crowded. I'm not sure the tourists know they can come in otherwise I could imagine thirsty and hungry tourists at Seattle Center walking the minute or two to here, having a beer and a bite, and easily going right back to the Space Needle. I searched for the H Bar on Trip Advisor, but it's not there. NOTE TO HYATT HOUSE: You might consider getting the H Bar added as a restaurant if you want to increase your business.Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your kind words and they will be celebrated with the entire team. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We look forward to being of service to you in the near future. Best regards, Jonathan
	It is right under space needle. You can even see Space Needle from the window. After the tour of space needle, kids actually had a nap in the hotel as it is only a few steps away. It is a new Hyatt property with free breakfast.
	Bad: The place was falling apart, the tub was cracked and broken. the bathroom shelf was barely holding on. The bed was extremely tough to sleep on. Good: I liked that it was close to entertainment. The shower held a hot water temperature for a long time.
	We had a wonderful stay in Seattle. Our hotel was steps away from many city attractions and restaurants. Hotel was clean, staff friendly, and room had a view. They served omelets at breakfast and the burgers in the bar/lounge were better than any on the street and available late at night!
	A standard not fancy hotel that provides a little privacy and extra space at a good rate if you want an affordable suite. Decent pretty big breakfast buffet (could someone figure out that 15 of us don't digest dairy and really like having something like soy or almond milk). little pool only good for kids. Nice big lobby and lounge areas.Jesse L,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
	This hotel is fine. The room was nice and the lobby clean. The buffet was good. My problem is you pay a premium for this hotel due to the location and it really isnt' worth the money., in my opinion. Stay at a hotel farther out and take the public transport system. Our one night stay for a basic room with a king bed was 345. Also, they give you ear plugs on your nightstand. Not a good sign. Bring a noise maker to drown out the noise.Dear TinasB3116Mo,Thank you very much for taking the time to review our hotel and share your stay with us. I very much appreciate the feedback and sorry to hear that you felt the cost did not match the experience of being at the heart of Seattle across the street from Space Needle. Our prices do very through out the year and often are much lower. Also if you are a World of Hyatt member and book directly with Hyatt.com you can save an additional 10 off.I hope you do keep us in mind the next time you are in the Seattle area. We would love to host you again! Most Sincerely,Jonathan
	Located right across the street from the Space Needle. The complementary breakfast buffet was excellent and much better than the Residence Inn hotels. There are several restaurants within walking distance for dinner. For the more economical meals, there is also a McDonalds across the street from the hotel. The Duck Boat tours also start from next to McDonalds.The rooms are of decent size and comfortable. They also have a complementary shuttle to the Pier 66 from where NCL ship departed. Will highly recommend it to people and will be my personal choice of stay in Seattle in future as well. The front desk staff is exceptionally polite and helpful (particularly Nate), and so are the shuttle bus drivers. Prices for the hotel are on the high end side, but so are most of the Seattle downtown hotels.ChandraHSGBI,We are thrilled to hear the Hyatt House met your needs and appreciate the positive feedback. Im glad you were able to take advantage of our 24 hour shuttle and the complimentary breakfast spread in the morning. Its wonderful to know when guests have a comfortable stay as we are grateful of the comments. We look forward to your next visit in Seattle!Sarah Junge
	Starting with the location - excellent. Perfect to explore the downtown area on foot, many attractions within walking distance or the free shuttle will take you.The room was spacious, clean and very comfortable. We loved having a small kitchen, we loved everything about the room.We were helped by Behder at the front desk who answered all out questions and made us feel very welcome.Any time we return to Seattle, there will be no other option for us than the Hyatt House.
	This hotel is perfect for going to do all the fun things in Seattle at Seattle Center. You can walk to everything and there are many restaurants in the immediate area.Love everything about the hotel great service took care of all of our needs, the only thing that I would ask is that if they do have room to grant your request for late out. They have a policy absolutely no late checkouts which is OK. Not a dealbreaker.Debbie F,It was a pleasure to have you as our guest recently at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and it is exciting to hear that you found the staff to be helpful and inviting. I will share your feedback with all of the team who has been consistently recognized as exceeding customer service standards. We appreciate the positive comments and will look forward to your future visits to Seattle.Sarah Junge
	This is a long-term stay hotel, so our room came with a kitchenette and small living room with a sofa and coffee table. We only stayed there for three nights, so didn't make use of the extra space, but it was nice to have room to move around. The reception desk was helpful and friendly. Breakfast was great, but skip the omelet bar. The line was too long, and it took forever. There were plenty of other options available (cereal, fruit, pastries, potatoes, eggs, oatmeal...). The complimentary shuttle was great for sightseeing. We took it to Pike Place and downtown saved on taxis and uber. Housekeeping could be more attentive, but since our stay was brief and we're not slobs, it was fine. Can't beat the location - literally across the street from the Space Needle and Chihuly.mistybunny,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
	Room ok ( we had queen suite) bathroom very small. Restaurant poor. Staff friendly and tried to please.Hitel well suited for my needs as near the conference centre. Hotel shuttle bus fabulous ,drives 1 mile radius around the hotel, so very convenient and easy to get to shops and restaurants.Dear EvelynK,Thank you for taking time out of your to complete a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you found our location to be great and our staff to be friendly! I greatly appreciate your 4 star review. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We appreciate your business! Sincerely,Jonathan
	The location of this place is prime. The hotel condition, on average is nice. I found my room fantastic, with a kitchenette and living room. The elevators were old and confusing (only one went to the garage, but you could not call just that one and there were no stairs).Breakfast was average-- the scrambled eggs were really dry and so were the waffles/french toast.Some of the staff were kind and helpful, but many didn't seem to care and others seemed new. Maybe this location had a high influx of new front desk members at the time of my stay. There are two kiosks at the front desk, and a phone between. While I was checking in, the other kiosk was also occupied by a staff member assisting a customer, and another staff member was using the phone between to talk loudly to a service member about a customer who had not had their room cleaned in three days. This was concerning, distracting, and off-putting. This also distracted the lady helping me check in from doing her job.One night, we were awoken by a very loud banging noise coming from the room next to us close to midnight. The banging, accompanied by yelling, continued for several minutes. Worried and scared, I called the front desk, but the person who answered didn't seem to care about the situation and at first didn't offer a solution until I asked if there was nothing they could do, and they said they would send somebody up there again. The front desk staff member said the lady had been locked out by her partner who had deadbolted the door. By this point, the lady had been standing outside her room yelling and banging on the door for half an hour (by her account-- overheard when she yelled at her partner when he finally opened the door). I'm worried that the staff allowed this to continue for so long. What if the partner had been suffering a medical emergency, or had never opened the door Nobody followed up with us regarding this issue, which was disappointing. Had someone touched base in the morning and apologized for the inconvenience, I likely wouldn't be writing this review.Upon checkout, the front desk staff threw away a handwritten not eaddressed to me as a guest of the company whose conference I was attending because my partner was performing the checkout. Overall, I was really let down by my stay here. The rooms are so nice and the location is great. I thought the Hyatt brand could be trusted with providing a great, seamless customer experience, but it didn't seem like they cared.Hello and thank you for taking the time to share your experiences at our hotel with us. First, I offer my sincere apologies for the poor care shown to you by my team. We are in the process of training several new additions to our staff but this does not excuse the lack of professionalism and lack of interest in resolving your concerns promptly and with care. Please know that I have addressed your concerns with my team so that we can continue to improve our quality of care. If I can be of any additional assistance, please contact me directly.
	The hotel is located across the street from the Space Needle. Its also within walking distance to Pike Place Market and other places along the wharf. The hotel is quiet. I never heard another person while in the room and virtually no street noise. Rooms are stylish and the beds are very comfortable. It has a mini kitchenette so if you there for a period of time it would be great. My only complaint is that the clocks in the room were still on Pacific Standard Time, not Daylight Savings. I did not notice this until the morning and was late for an appointment. I tried to change the clock but was not clear on the clock how to change the time. When I checked out I notified the desk that they should check the clocks in the rooms.David B,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Thank you for the feedback regarding the clock in your suite. Please know this is extremely important to us and we have our maintenance addressing this concern as we speak. I deeply apologize for the inconvenience this caused. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
	Bad: Bathroom was small, noisy outside. Good: Location, beds, price
	Even though I'm a local I stayed here with a group before a cruise. Right across from the space needle and they offer a shuttle for the downtown area. Because its across from the Monorail station it makes getting downtown super easy. New rooms with electric shades, refrigerators and microwaves. While rooms are slightly smaller the furnishings are top notch. The breakfast buffet is great with an omelette bar and lots of fresh fruits. Lobby bar and restaraunt is very reasonable and good. I'd be happy to recommend this hotel to friends and travelers as its super nice.davidgmg,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your staycation here in Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you want another getaway as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
	The absolute BEST location for a downtown Seattle hotel just steps from the Space Needle, EMP Museum, Pacific Science Centre, etc.. Fully equipped kitchen in the suite and LOTS of space -- larger than most one-bedroom apartments! Excellent buffet breakfast setup with top-notch food quality and very comfortable seating with views of the Space Needle, etc. The rooftop deck has lots of comfortable seating and fire pits etc,, so a wonderful place to wind down and end your day. Too bad the parking stalls are extremely tight limited however, it's to be expected for such a prime downtown location. We will be back for sure!877tiffanyl,We are thrilled to hear the Hyatt House met your needs and appreciate the positive feedback. Im glad you were able to take advantage of the kitchen facilities in the room, complimentary breakfast spread in the morning and rooftop terrace. Its wonderful to know when guests have a comfortable stay as we are grateful of the comments. We look forward to your next visit in Seattle!Sarah Junge
	I have to first say, I have been staying in just about every Hyatt in the U.S. But the staff at the Hyatt house is hands down the Best !!! I came in for business training. And on the 2nd day my car broke down, after the stress with AAA. Mind you, the hotel staff picked me up, even gave me a ride to pick up my car!! Look I have seen far and beyond going out of the way...but they gave me a peace of mind. And even took the price off the parking!! I mean they didn't have to, it was not their problem. But took the time to help a guest out... On top of that, you can't beat a better view to sleep with than a view of the space needle. Just want to say this is a great place a home from home why I keep coming back !!! Great job gals/guys and thank you! Dear KaylaNGerardW,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you and your enjoyed our staff and felt like home to you! We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. Sorry about your car issues, but I am glad that we would help with that stress. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business and hope to see you again hopefully soon! Sincerely,Jonathan
	This hotel is the place to be to experience downtown Seattle. The Monorail, Seattle Center, are across the street and the waterfront is walkable or by shuttle. The Light Rail from Westlake Center can take you right out to Sea-Tac. We'll be back!!!Sarah P,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
	We were in town to visit with our daughter and also see my brother. We stayed at the Hyatt House. The staff was friendly but not very empowered. Their directions on the ways you have to use the room key in the elevator and room were not very clear. We heard that over and over again as we went up and down the elevator with other visitors. The room had strange windows that looked out to the hotel interior. We missed having a window to do a quick weather check. The bathroom was spacious but had the most non-ergonomic faucet. Turning it on meant bumping your hand on the lighted mirror above the sink and that was unpleasant. All the elevators stopped working at one point and the staff only offered a free bottle of water despite the significant challenge for the hotel visitors. I observed a person in a wheel chair as one example. No help was offered for getting yourself or luggage to and from the lobby (besides a free bottle of water from the lobby shop). Although sometimes things happen, it is how the staff responds and this was a major disappointment. The free shuttle will take you up to 1 mile away if it is available or you can wait. The breakfast buffet was good, but they did not always restock items (including coffee lids) in a timely fashion. I don't recommend this hotel.
	We chose this hotel because of the location and we weren't disappointed. Right opposite the music museum, science museum and space needle. Happy Hour at the bar offered a good selection of local beers and wines. The rooms weren't huge but comfortable and clean. The breakfast was buffet style and a little bit busy with everybody having to convene in a small corridor area where the buffet is served but lots to choose from. Omelettes can be made to order. Convenient to walk the short mile to Pike Place and also to savour many of the great restaurants in the neighbourhood. One negative comment is that there are only 2 elevators for the entire hotel, so you could be waiting quite a while for the elevator to come to your floor if it was first thing in the morning and everybody was heading to breakfast. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to guests.Thanks so much for taking the time to leave this review! We are so pleased to hear that you got to experience the neighborhood attractions. We are totally biased, but we think it's pretty great as well! We feel privileged to have had you as our guest - we hope it won't be the last time. Safe travels to you wherever you go - thanks again!
	Good location, nice room, but that's it. No atmosphere, impersonal, not really interested front desk, chaotic and hilarious, above all poor and hardly any choice breakfast, a room with a view of an office building at 20 meter distance (privacy), room cleaned at 17.00 after our request, not a real clean room, found even 2 cockroaches on our bed when we went to sleep, no safe in the room. Just some of our disappointments. Relationship price quality, there is none with usd 689 2 nights! There are no doubt better options in Seattle skipp this one.
	My plans to use my 2 free hyatt nights in Mexico fell through but time was running out so even though I thought I was going to be wasting them by staying at Hyatt House in Seattle, I didn't have a choice. As it turns out, I made an excellent choice. Though not a luxury hotel in Mexico, our visit to Hyatt House was wonderful! Check in was straightforward and easy (with the best service ever, but more on that later). Once we were moved (by request) out of the strange angled corner room with a view that looked out on another room, we were absolutely delighted with our stay!! The room was surprisingly quiet despite being next to the street and near the Seattle Center Activities. We loved the location, literally across the street from the Space Needle! The view of the Space Needle outside our window was romantic and the rooftop terrace provide an unparalleled 360 degree view of the city. The room layout was really cool and the decor is very modern (like a boutique hotel). The bed was very comfortable (firm but not hard). A (very) minor complaint is the textured fabric of the bedspread, which was a bit rough to the touch, but the sheets were crisp and smooth. Another minor detail was that I missed having a tub for soaking, but the rain shower turned out to be fine (lots of space in shower, could use a seat or shelf for sitting) Lots of storage space (as well as hangers) if you are staying a few days and want to unpack. The kitchen was fully stocked including dish soap, which seems unusual in hotels these days for some reason I don't understand. The free hotel shuttle was a great value and breakfast was decent- a pretty good selection though crowded on Sunday morning. he only thing that wasn't perfect about our stay was the fact that housekeeping never came the second day. We put the sign on the door and saw the housekeeper next door as we were leaving, but for some reason our room was skipped. It's always nice to come home to a freshened-up room and a made bed. We had enough towels to get us through, so it was fine, especially given that everything else was so good. Saving the best part for last, let me say that more than anything I have described, what we liked most by far, about our stay at Hyatt House, was the absolutely amazing service provided by Eden at the front desk! Everyone at the front desk was truly great, but she was a shining star! I'm not sure I've ever experienced a more genuine welcome or felt as appreciated as a customer as she made my husband and I feel. Thanks to her, this was a perfect weekend getaway!
	This was my fist trip to Seattle, and this hotel was in a great location. Pikes Market is about 1.5 miles away. Everything is in walking distance, or there is a shuttle that will take you up to a mile out. It was a great experience.Dear AlexanderpX371AN, Thank you for completing a Tripadvisor Review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. I am glad that the location was a great for you! Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your kind words and they will be celebrated with the entire team. We hope you make a 2nd trip to Seattle soon! If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We look forward to being of service to you in the near future. Best regards, Jonathan
	I recently stayed at the Hyatt House Hotel in Seattle, it was a great place to stay. Our room was very nice and clean, the staff were helpful and friendly, and our view out of the window was of the space needle. The hotel is in a great location with a 2 minute ride on the monorail into Seattle town. Plenty of restaurants and coffee shops and Pike Place Market to wander around.
	Bad: The parking garage is so hard to find. I passed it at least two times trying to find it. You also can't self park, which is a hassle coming back from being out and about. You have to rush to gather all of your belongings, souvenirs, etc, because the entry bay to the garage will hold two cars at most. You can't dilly dally. Hope that makes sense. Only paid WiFi,which was a big bummer. The express snack bar/grill staff were very unfriendly. Every time I went to the buffet, the line to be seated was always sooo long. I never did end up eating there for that reason. Good: Near all of the Fremont Street Experience stuff.
	Great location: we wanted to find a hotel that was centrally located enough to not need a car, and the Hyatt House fit the bill. We flew into SeaTac Airport, took the light rail to downtown (Westlake stop) and took the Monorail to Seattle Center (Space Needle, EMP Museum, Chihuly, Key Arena) which is right next the the Hyatt House. Great accommodations: the hotel seems brand new, extremely clean and modern, very spacious. Great staff: everyone was very nice and informative. We got to town about three hours before check-in and they let us check-in early. Great free breakfast: in addition to many choices, there is also a made-to-order omelet bar. Jay cheerfully made the omelets every day and they were excellent. And he would remember my name each day which is pretty amazing:) Other: they have a free shuttle which will take you where you want to go within a certain distance. The gym is not bad, although it is on street level with big windows, so you kinda feel like you are working out in a fish bowl. Great restaurants, coffee shops shopping within walking distance. About the only thing I didn't like was the parking - 25/day (we rented a car a couple days to visit the mountains) but there are cheaper parking lots within a block so it wasn't that big a deal. Check all the travel sites to compare prices - I found one that had the same room for 20 less a night than the rest. Overall the Hyatt House was an excellent choice for our Seattle vacation!Cushionhead,It was a pleasure accommodating you recently at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and we sincerely appreciate the glowing review! I have shared your feedback with the team regarding your experience and will strive to make sure we are exceeding all of our guests expectations. Please let us know when you visit next as we look forward to having you as our guest!Sarah Junge
	This is an awesome hotel! The staff was very nice and extremely helpful. The hotel is modern and beautiful. The location is excellent, right across the street from the Space Needle. The roof top terrace is lovely day or night with an amazing view of the Space Needle. Easy to get to downtown via a 2.25 trip (each way) on the Monorail to Westlake Center. From Westlake Center, it's just a 10 minute walk to Pike Place. The hotel also provides shuttle service within a mile.Cheryl H,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will all be bursting with excitement knowing they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
	This Hotel was very clean and very convenient within walking distance to all attractions and to the Cruise Piers. They are located directly across the street from the Space Needle so our view from our window was spectacular. Would recommend this to anyone visiting for a few days prior to going on a CRUISE. Also close to the Monorail that will take you into the city.reneeo784,On behalf of the staff, we truly appreciate you choosing the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. Your comments about the cleanliness of the rooms and unbeatable location next to the iconic space needle and Seattle Center has the team proud to be members of the hotel. We hope you can join us again for your next trip into Seattle!Sarah Junge
	I recently stayed at this hotel while attending a conference at the Washington Convention Center. This hotel is about a mile from the convention center but the hotel has a shuttle for free. My room was very clean and welcoming. My only minor issue with the hotel is the HVAC system in the room does not allow for fan on at all time. I prefer this while sleeping.Dear Hunterhersh: Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor regarding your recent stay at the Hyatt House Seattle. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your kind words and they will be celebrated with the entire team. I am glad to hear that you enjoyed the location and our free shuttle. I will investigate the HVAC system, i am sorry that this was was an inconvenience for you! If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We look forward to being of service to you in the near future. We appreciate your business! Sincerely, Jonathan
	Very close to the Space Needle, EMP Museum and Duck Tour ride. Our room was close to the Monorail track but there was not much of disturbance. Walking distance to all attractions or you can take the Mono rail to down town locations. Very good breakfast. Rooms were very good with a small kitchen.SriGa,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
	It was a long haul from Adelaide to Seattle........but arriving at Hyatt House Seattle Downtown was very inviting and impressive!How perfect being located across from the Needle! Not having to go far for one of the Awesome Sightseeing sights!Beds very comfortable!Dear Cynthia B,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you found our location across the street from the Space Needle to be perfect and beds comfortable! We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business and hope to see you gain soon! Most Sincerely,Jon
	Perfect location to Seattle center. Lot's of things to do within walking distance. Very clean and accommodating staff. Great hot breakfast and happy hour specials. Lobby is very inviting to hang out, have a drink or people watch.Lori S,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
	Not pleased. Poor experience. Will definitely stay somewhere else next time. 7 day/6 night stay...zero cleaning despite numerous requests, no fresh towels or linens entire week other than towels/soap/toilet paper we helped ourselves to from nearby cart. overflowing garbage cans were finally put in hallway day 4.Dear RobinsU9085vk,Thank you very much for taking the time our of your day to review our hotel and share your stay with us. I very much appreciate the feedback and I am very sorry to hear about the poor costumer service you experienced. I assure you that your feedback is taken seriously and we will use it to better our hotels operations. I am happy to hear that you enjoyed our great location. Please keep us in mind the next time you are in the Seattle area. We would love to be given another opportunity to ensure you have a great stay. Please feel free to reach out to me personally. We do appreciate your business. Sincerely,Jonathan
	We stayed at this hotel for the St Patrick's Day Dash in Seattle due to its location. It is a nice hotel, right across the Space Needle. We stayed in a suite... it actually had a full kitchen! Including dishwasher, microwave, garbage disposal, etc... Perfect for a family staying for a few days. Our room was facing other rooms, so when you open your blinds, you will see all the other rooms... kinda creppy, so beware and request a room facing out to the street.The hotel server a hot breakfast and it was actually pretty good. Supervised me how good it was, I even went back for seconds. Hotel has parking... but spaces are very limited and very small.... so leave the Ford350 at home.All in all... excellent hotel and an excellent location.FMH60878,Thank you for taking the time to submit such pleasant comments about us at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. We are so ecstatic to hear you enjoyed our fully equipped kitchen in room, morning breakfast spread, and unbeatable location next to the Space Needle. We look forward to hosting you in the future until then, happy travels!Sarah Junge
	We couldn't be happier with our stay at Hyatt House Seattle. The front desk was so accommodating, they had recommendations for restaurants things to do, they also helped us if we needed directions to places we also wanted to visit. There was also a shuttle that we relied on to get us around, it was great! Thank you Hyatt... More
	Bad: The cleanliness wasn't the best. One of our towels and bed sheets had red stains on them which the staff informed us was rust, and not blood....upon arrival the toilet wouldn't flush as well. We got stuck in a smoking room even though we didn't book a smoking room. The noise was unbearable, and when combined with the smoke just added up to disaster. Good: Close to the public transportation systems. In the middle of downtown Las Vegas.
	I always try to stay at the Hyatt House whenever I'm in Seattle for business. The rooms are studio apartments and extremely well kept and clean. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. The bar / kitchen is open late and the breakfast is pretty good for a free meal. This is not the place for people looking for a luxury experience with a ton of amenities. It's centrally located to Seattle landmarks and if you're lucky you get a view of the Space Needle.Dear JenK Wow! Your header says it all. I am so happy to hear this and that you felt the Hyatt house was exactly what you need. Thank you also for being a repeat guest. Any time we get a 5 star review we celebrate it as a team. I am glad the our larger rooms and knowledgeable staff made your stay great. We hope to see you soon weather it be for business or pleasure! Sincerely,Jonathan
	Very convenient location to Downtown Seattle. Its located right across the Space Needle. We only stayed here for 1 night. They have very good and delicious breakfast! Omelette was a hit! Front Desk and Dining room staffs were very Friendly. We arrived on time to check in so that we have more time to see Seattle. But, our room was not ready. We waited for couple of hours in the lobby before it became available. What Not very impressive!Then the whole night our wifi wasnt working. They said they will reset the router as soon the Technician arrives but it was already too late. We had to check out early for our City Tour and our cruise Housekeeping I think they have to pay more attention in terms of their room services. Towels and toiletries supplies were not enough to accommodate 5 people. We had to request some more supplies. After a couple of hours we waited for the availability of our room We expected way better!
	This hotel gave us a perfect location for our short trip to Seattle. Located directly next to the Space Needle, Chihuly Gardens, the Monorail and Seattle Center was beyond our expectations!! They offered a shuttle to all locations within a mile and we used this many times. Clean and courteous shuttle drivers as well!
	Very impressed with this hotel. Great location opposite the Space Needle - and the monorail ran past our windows - no noise at all!So convenient for getting quickly into the centre for all your sight seeing. Rooms are comfortable and clean, with little kitchenette facilities. Breakfast buffet was good, and there are ready meals and snacks to purchase from the front desk area if you arrive late and want to rustle up a quick bite in your room.Ideal for families travelling to Seattle this was a comfortable and well equipped base.Recommend and would return.
	Hotel is situated right next to space needle (major attraction in Seattle downtown). Across the street there is the space needle, the Chihuly gardens, the EMP, and the Seattle center, a lovely park with an amazing playground. Breakfast in hotel was complimentary and was good considering a budget hotel (3 star). The courteous and always willing to serve staff and Chef played a big role. Free 24 hr shuttle within a mile of hotel but sometime wait time is high if you are in downtown markets.Well worth it in Seattle!Devendra G,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will all be bursting with excitement knowing they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
	We stayed at Hyatt House Seattle Downtown for two nights. It is a convenient hotel with studio style rooms. It is well located right in front of the famous Space Needle. You have to walk about 15 minutes to Pike Place and the Centre but that is still very convenient. Breakfast was included, but we did not make use of it. They do have a small bar and Happy Hour in the lobby (we did not make use of that either but saw the sign). Staff is very friendly and helpful. It is one of those places where you get exactly what you paid for and know what to expect. Good space, comfy bed, big shower and anything you need to have a comfy stay. Only thing: the elevators are ridiculously slow we stood down waiting for one car to arrive what felt like ages. And we are happy to spend our last night there as well on our way back home.
	Housekeeping left my door unlocked, and at the end of my stay the staff charged the wrong credit card. The people were pleasant, but if I had a choice between brusque staff who did their jobs properly and pleasant people who did not, I'd take brusque.Paul M,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. I sincerely apologize about the inconveniences during your stay and will use your review to make the appropriate changes to improve our guest experience. Your feedback is essential to us and we hope to have the opportunity as our guest once again. Sarah Junge
	Nice hotel for families. We booked a 1 bedroom suite with 2 queen beds room. Lots of space and very clean. However, these rooms unfortunately do not have a very good view - they look into other rooms and courtyard. I think the studios have good views of the Space Needle. The breakfast buffet is great. Location is great - right across from Space Needle. We walked to Pike Place Market - a long but very doable walk.SFCALUSA,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
	I really enjoyed staying at the Hyatt House, the room was comfortable, the shower was great. The staff was very attentive and the shuttle easy to take to local spots in the area. A really comfortable place to be when you're away from home.Erika W,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
	We stayed here wilt our grandson and his Dalmatian dog and we had a terrific stay! Julia was joking with our grandson about how big the dog was and he thought that was great, everyday when we got back to the hotel he was looking for her to talk to about what he and the dog did, and by the end of our stay he was hugging her goodbye. Housekeeping was also terrific, never ran out of anything. Keep up the good worklwill789,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you, your grandson and his Dalmatian dog created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will all be bursting with excitement knowing they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
	Bad: smokey air out of elevators. Good: valet parking with security-
	We stayed 4 nights and had a corner room. Its across the street from City Center and the Space Needle. Hop on the Monorail and you are downtown, a short walk to Pikes Place Market. Its hard to find nice rooms in Seattle for under 200 a night, which is what we paid, including taxes and parking. Oh, and did I say breakfast was included.Dear Gary S,Thank you for completing our Guest Survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you found our location to be great and our hotel to be a great value! I greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We appreciate your business!! Sincerely,Jonathan
	If you're not a Seattle veteran, you need to know that there are 3 main downtown neighborhoods. The old city by Pioneer Square in the south, the heart of downtown near the Pike Place market, and the northern neighborhood near the Seattle Center (Space Needle). While the heart of downtown has traditionally been the best neighborhood for tourists to stay in, the ongoing revitalization of the Seattle Center area has somewhat shifted this equation. Personally, for tourist purposes, I like the Seattle Center neighborhood just as much -- primarily because it's a little less corporate, a little more casual, and has ready access to many of the best museums (like the EMP across the street from the Hyatt). It's also only a 20 minute walk to the Pike Place market from the Hyatt House, and they offer a complimentary shuttle service, too.In this context, the Hyatt House is a grear place to stay if you're OK with the Seattle Center location. The hotel is new, and has a nice modern vibe. Since it's an extended stay brand, rooms at the Hyatt House are large. For this particular location, they also made them stylish. As a Hyatt Gold Passport Platinum member, my family was upgraded to an extremely comfortable one-bedroom suite facing the Space Needle. Breakfast is well above average for a free hotel breakfast, My only complaint was that the omelette maker was completely overwhelmed, and it could take more than a half hour to get an omelette (the buffet food had no delays). It's a nice touch to offer omelettes, but it doesn't work unless they can be made efficiently.The shuttle bus can also be a bit of a mixed blessing. In rush hour traffic, the service can be quite slow. I'd recommend walking to downtown during peak periods.Dave'sreviews,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
	What a killer hotel! I got in really early and there was no room available when I arrived, but the front desk took quick care in making sure I had somewhere to change and get ready for work in time! Such great service! Rooms were very clean and well maintained with great views of the city! I will be back, thanks!Hi Michael, Thanks for the great review!! Glad we were able to help get you to work on time. Your coming back is what matters most to us!See you then!Evan
	Comfortable, quiet, friendly staff. The lobby is amazing and a great place to meet for drinks. The room I had was small, but functional. Elevators were always available.Overall, this is a nice gem in downtown Philadelphia close to City Hall and restaurants. I highly recommend it.Todd,Being a part of the opening team, I have said from day one, even during construction, that our lobby would be the most beautiful and exciting in the city. It is always great to hear that our guests such as yourself feel the same! Our team is always working hard to ensure that you have a quiet and relaxing stay, and I am glad that you felt we were successful in that attempt. I hope we see you again soon!Best,Andrew DrydenAssistant General Manager
	This hotel was recently opened 7 months ago and used to be a bank. The room was clean, spotless and very comfortable. I was traveling in business and it was smack bang in the middle of centre city with easy access to everything. There was a TV in the room with loads of channels to keep you occupied. The shower and toilet were very clean. The only thing I'd say is for the shampoo and shower gel provided to be fragranced..that's just my preference.The staff were get polite esp Walter and Troy..thanks boys for making my stay welcoming..it was great to chat with you guys and sorry I didn't get to say goodbye properly. I can't comment on breakfast or food as I didn't have this and I don't drink so cannot comment on the bar.Lastly the vibe was really nice and Noamaan, Now that's a headline! We are shooting for 7 stars but there are rules about what defines star or diamond level. Those ratings are related to amenities instead of service. That's why we love TripAdvisor! It provides real stories about real experiences in hotels. Thanks for sharing yours. We appreciate the 5 star review. I will share the shout outs with Walter and Troy, though I suspect they're watching too...Hope to have you back soon!
	Our guests had a fabulous weekend. Rooms were beautiful. Staff were amazing and so accommodating. Comfortable lobby with pool table and games was a great meeting space. We had a light breakfast for our guests the morning after the wedding in the lobby and it worked out great. Would highly recommend Aloft Downtown as the hotel for your wedding guests!Hi Jeanne, Thanks for the FIVE BUBBLES!! It was a thrill to serve the entire wedding party. It was the first time we used W XYZ for a wedding brunch and we're delighted you enjoyed the space. Sorry about the rain, it would have been really cool for your family and friends to enjoy the Backyard. Hope the bride and groom enjoy the honeymoon! We'd love to have all of you back for the anniversaries! Evan
	The Aloft hotel is in an excellent location, it is right next to city hall and the market and walking distance to so many other shops and restaurants. The hotel itself is extremely clean as was the hotel room. The room was on the smaller side, but if you're like me and my husband, you're not there to spend all your time in the room. It was plenty of space for the two of us. The bar downstairs is nice, we each enjoyed a cocktail there one of the nights. The only negative I would say is the expensive valet parking, however we went one block north on broad st and found parking for 15 dollars a day. Overall a great stay and highly recommended. Lindsay,Thank you for your kind words! We truly are fortunate to be in the heart of so many great things that Philadelphia offers. I am so glad to see that you enjoyed your stay so much, and that you were able to relax not only in your room, but at WXYZ Bar as well. I look forward to welcoming you back the next time you visit our fine city!Best,Andrew DrydenAssistant General Manager
	Great stay at this hotel. The staff are wonderful! The hotel is very close to City Hall and Reading Terminal. Great outdoor patio and fun lobby. The rooms are nice and bed comfortable. Hallways are a little narrow but is an older renovated building. Definitely would stay here again.
	We stayed at the Aloft for a business trip. It was super convenient having this hotel right next door to convention center! Staff nice, rooms clean, beds were comfy and spacious, great bar and outdoor space to relax! Ill stay here again if I have to come back for work. Train station a little over two miles away. I submitted a survey the first night there asking for an orange pen (they have the best) and the next day before lunch there was a bag hanging on my door with four pens in it. Talk about paying attention to detail. What a great customer experience. Hi Sarah, FIVE BUBBLES!!! We love it, thank you!! Glad you got some time to chill in our Backyard, it's the perfect place to hang after a day of work. If the 4 pens run out, you know where to get more :) Come back just for fun, we are not only about serving you for work. Perhaps you can PEN a best seller...Happy Summer, Evan
	Very good situation in the center of Philadelphia, the beds are perfects. Our only night here was just great, the night are completly dark, which is important for us, and very quiet. John was very helpfull. Thank youCD, We appreciate the great review! Glad you got to take advantage of the blackout shades and quiet space for a restful night sleep. Hope to have you back for more than one night! Evan
	Bad: Not sure about deluxe room i was in. Good: Location
	We needed a room for one day after surgery and having to return to the hospital the next day so Aloft was closest! To our pleasant surprise the staff was above and beyond accommodating from Tevin in Valet department to Misia and Tatyanna front desk! Thank you so much! Linda, Hopefully the surgery was as successful as the as your visit to our hotel. We do have the BEST STAFF and are grateful for their efforts. Tatyanna, Misha and Tevin will be cheered and celebrated for your shout out. Thank you for recognizing their efforts. Heal fast, then come back and have some fun!Evan
	When we arrived, our 2-queen room had not been prepared. The staff gave us 2 1-king rooms for the first night, then moved us to a 2-queen room for the second night. They were very helpful in scheduling our move and handling our bags. Well done!Hi 429,Thanks for the FIVE BUBBLES!!!! Sorry we didn't have the two bed room available upon your arrival, that sometimes happens in our biz. Glad we were able to overcome and create a great experience for you. Hope to get back soon, there's still plenty of summer left to play! Evan
	The staff and hotel were very nice. The rooms were modern and obviously recently redone (at least our 13th floor room was.) The building itself is old, but it looks good inside. The lobby and bar are clean and modern. There is a pool table and lots of games to entertain kids and the young at heart in the lobby area.Downtown Philly is heavily populated with the homeless. The Methodist Church across Arch St from the Aloft Downtown seems like a focal point for them. Several times I was approached for a handout, but never felt like my wife, son and I were in any danger. I wouldn't necessarily recommend walking alone after dark in the area, but it is a bustling area during the day. We walked back as a group to the hotel from City Hall subway station after a Phillies game (maybe 11:30pm) and it was fine.It is very easy to get to a bus or subway train in a 5-10 minute walk. The views of City Hall are stunning and Love Park, the Reading Terminal Market, even Independence Hall and the Museum of Art are all walkable. The Convention Center is right next to the Aloft, so it would be a good place to stay if you were attending a conference there.There were always Uber and Lyft drivers a minute or 2 away when we needed to get anywhere. There are also cabs and the hotel offers Valet parking for 50 or so a night. There are also several parking ramps and some street parking in the area as well.There is a McDonalds across the street, but no restaurant in the building. There is a small store for food and drinks inside the lobby and a 7-11 convenience store a block away down the street on Broad St. Otherwise, I didn't find a ton of food options immediately around the hotel, but there are a lot of options a couple blocks away.It is certainly not cheap, but I liked the hotel and I would stay there again the next time I go back to Philadelphia.Hi JW, Thank you for the FIVE BUBBLE review! We get excited when our guests connect with our hotel and city as you did. Your last line I would stay there again is what we all work hard to accomplish. We also appreciate your taking the time to provide other travelers your experience outside the hotel. Our pride extends beyond our hotel and into our community. It's great that you're sharing personal and authentic stories, thank you for that. I hope all your travels bring you much joy!Evan
	Awesome hotel in an awesome location in an awesome city. The staff went above and beyond. The style of the hotel was great. We had an awesome view of city hall. Perfect central location to do anything in Phily.Perryjo9,Thank you so much! Awesome is certainly the word I would also choose to describe our team, they are the best in the city, and we are truly fortunate to have them all. I am so glad to hear that you enjoyed yourself so much, and I hope that we have the chance to see you again soon!Andrew DrydenAssistant General Manager
	It was my first time staying with aloft but now it has become my top choices. The location was great and accessible to trolleys and within walking distance to many spots. The room was well decorated with many chargers. Front desk was really helpful and friendly. The only problem is the terrible sound insulation that I could hear my next door clearly. Many leisures in hotel but I was too busy to explore. Definitely coming back for my next stay in Philly.Hi Jane, We are thrilled you're coming back to Philly and of course our hotel!!! The FIVE BUBBLE review is much appreciated!!! Everyone needs to stay powered up. Thanks for noticing how we placed USB ports all over the hotel!! Bedside in two locations, on the desk, under the W XYZ Bar and throughout the lobby areas. We want to be sure your connected and in touch!Can't wait to have you back! Thank you for your business!Evan
	Everything was great, staff is wonderful, Misha at front desk was so helpful! So glad I picked this hotel to celebrate my husbands birthday. Loved our room-was a corner room with 2 queens, very comfortable. Favorite part was the lobby, just a great place to hang out, nice bar, fun games, music at night, really cool area. We will be back!Mich, MISHA is amazing! We are glad you chose our hotel for the B-Day celebration and that we took good care of you. Of course you don't have to wait for his birthday to come back, we can help write a new Rx if needed: Phillies, Bell, Parkway, Casino, Shopping, Kimmel Center, Concerts, Theater, just to name a few :) See you soon! Evan (Misha's biggest fan)
	My other half and I always enjoy Aloft hotels wherever we go for the modern decor, pet friendliness, and good value. Downtown Philadelphia is no exception. The location is absolutely perfect. You walk right outside and are staring at City Hall on Broad Street. If it wasnt so stinking cold it would have been an ideal location for walkability. Rooms were as expected for Aloft, and value was great as usual. We really enjoyed our stay and hope to return when it isnt so cold outside. Hi Micah, 5 STARS! Wow, thank you! Glad you enjoyed our hotel and of course the perfect location. The weather gods were a little off in their timing for your visit. We are looking at record highs this week, want to come back We've got some space available!Looking forward to your enjoying our backyard on the next visit. Sending warm thoughts...Evan
	What a cool hotel! Super friendly, helpful and thorough check in and up to a super cool room!The views are amazing, the location couldnt be better! Youre ten-fifteen minutes from all the sights! Check out the view from my room!!Awesome! My favourite hotel by a long way.Dont stay somewhere average, dont stay somewhere boring stay here and feel the coolness permeate to you!Good work guys! Good workMartin, Have to say, this is my favourite review of the day!! Your don't stay somewhere average... line is classic. Perhaps you should be our new pitchman! Thanks for the recognition of the good work, a lot goes into getting this right from the brand, to the design and of course the most important part the staff! Thanks for staying here and hope to have you back soon! Evan
	The Saint Hotel in Key West is by far the very best boutique hotel on the island. The staff is beyond amazing - gracious and accommodating in every manner. Thank you for making every day a great day!The hotel and grounds are spotless, the pool area is an amazing place to totally unwind and relax. The music is perfect, and the sounds of the waterfall really set you up for a great day in the sun of Key West!My room was beautifully appointed with marble floors, modern furnishings, and a large marble bath. House keeping and turn down service was exceptional as well.I would compare The Saint to a 1,000 a night boutique hotel in South Beach - the vibe is cool, and you will not find it anywhere else in Key West!After staying here for a week, I HIGHLY recommend The Saint and can tell you this is the ONLY hotel in Key West that I will be staying at in the future - it can't be beat!Thank you for choosing The Saint Hotel and for the amazing review. Being a new hotel we depend on our reviews and we appreciate the wonderful words. We'll see you next time you're in Key West.
	great location right off of duval street. our room however was extremely small, smaller than a cruise ship, but very nice all the same. staff was friendly, breakfast was enough to get you going. pool area was beautiful. the only problem we had was that our room keys did not work properly. got one of them fixed which was good because after 11:00 at night no one is at the front desk to let you in lobby or hotel, a key is needed so double check you keys to outside entrances. would definitely return.As you found out, there is not a lot of space in Key West and yes some of the rooms are cozy. We appreciate the review and look forward to your return.
	Good: Close proximity to Freemont Street Experience.
	Great place to hang and rest after doing the Key West thing. The staff was very attentive and courteous. The decor is gorgeous! Attention to detail from the lobby to the room's bathroom. The pool area is an oasis to cool your body and enhance your soul. We plan to make this our place to stay whenever we're in Key West and can't wait to check out the one in New Orleans. GreatHotelsThank You for taking time out to give our property such a wonderful review. We are so tickle our property has made such an impression. We also appreciate any loyalty or interest you may have in our sister property which like Key West is an amazing property. Please contact us to assist in any future reservations or information you may need.
	Abraham, Maryann and Serge were excellent in their service, went above expectations.Room was clean and quiet, pool is large with soothing waterfall, breakfast and location was exceptional. Will stay at The Saint on future visits.Roger and PatI was really great having you guys, it was like having family with us. I shared your review, Serge and Marianne wanted to say hi and thank you. I hope you have already started thinking about your next trip to Key West, because we are looking forward to your next visit. Thank you for all the kind words.
	The Saint is about as well located as any place in key west. There are 2 (hidden) side entrances/exits as well as the main one on Eaton street. if you use a gps, DO NOT enter the Duval street address -- you will end up going in circles.Main entrance is up a few steps. you can park in front for 15 minutes, and if you have luggage, go inside and ask for help.room 113 is on the main floor, and mostly dark since the shutters need to be kept shut during the daytime (there is a busy walkway right outside and anyone can see in -- for same reason, it can be a bit noisy at times)the entire property is funky, in a playful way. photos on this site will show you why.staff is friendly and anxious to please. any major problems should go to the general manager, abraham, who is eager to make the hotel as good as possible.oh, the location. no car is needed. you are 5 minute walk to truman white house, 10 minutes or less to mallory park/sunset pier. also greene street is the same area and has a lively night life as well as key lime pie stores every few steps.hemingway house is towards the other end of Duval street, but can be reached in less than 20 minutes if you don't stop at all the stores and eateries along this main street. go another 10 minutes or less, and you will be at the end of Duval, and reach the southernmost point in the continental u.s. -- where the famous buoy sits. you may need to wait on line a few minutes to take a photo at that spot. also, a great cafe right on the beach there. finally, for dinner, you can almost throw a dart and find a terrific place within walking distance of the saint. have fun!Dear ischloss,We greatly appreciate that you took the time to write such a thorough review about your recent stay at The Saint Hotel Key West. We hope that when your travels bring you back to Key West, you will once again choose The Saint and give us another to earn that 5-star rating!Cheers!
	This is truly heaven on earth. Very modern, nice and clean hotel in the middle of everything in Key West. Friendly staff, free parking 2 blocks away... only 5 min walk away.We will defiantly be back.Hi Mr. Kortbaek, it was truly a pleasure having you spend gracious time with us during your trip to Key West. We greatly appreciate all the kind words you have for our property and staff. Please keep us in mind should you be traveling to Key West in the near or not so near future. Once again Thank You.
	Paul the other bartenders are always so attentive. I enjoy going in and relaxing. I tell everyone I know to stop in and see how nice the Saint is. The food is good and the drink menu is fun... I tell all my friends to stop in 417 to 714 happy hour.It's a great happy hour to try all that we have to offer in food and drinks. Thank you for taking the time to write a review and we look forward to seeing you soon!
	Clean, nice staff and wonderful pool. Great location, but because of that it's pretty noisy. The decor was not my fave, but that's not a big deal. There were little things off like no mini fridge or fan in the bathroom.Thank you for your feedback. We are always looking for ways to improve our property.
	Side door onto Duval St. Perfect location. Rooms may be smaller than anticipated for US guests but standard for Europe. Poolside is great, excellent bar. Didn't eat so cannot comment on food. One big let down was housekeeping. Very poor for this level of property. GM knows who I am and they had plenty opportunity to fix it, but never came back. Overall still pleased. But fix room cleanliness and you then merit Marriott Autograph Collection...Thank you for taking the time to provide feedback regarding your recent stay with us. We are pleased to hear that you ended up enjoying your stay but would have loved for you to have a perfect stay. We are taking action to prevent the issues you experienced from occurring again. We hope that you will return and give us the opportunity to provide you with a seamless stay here.Cheers!
	What an experience....... Old on the outside.....New modern on the inside. Our room was Small but when in the keys you don't spend a lot of time in the room. First class service. Valet Parking which you need if u stay downtown. There is a 30 fee for parking but it's worth it. The reception room is very unique and the bar is beautiful. It does have a pool and gardens are beautiful. It's close to Malery park to watch sunsets and is by all the restaurants and bars.Thank you so much for taking the time to provide feedback regarding your recent stay with us. We always appreciate feedback whether it is good or bad and we are ecstatic that you had a great stay with us. Please come back and see us again, we would be delighted to have you!
	Hotel was a fantastic location. The room was unique and we'll maintained. Enjoyed the blue light located throughout the property. Bed was conformable, however small. Good and happy vibe. 1 opportunity I would make for improvement is the timeliness for valet. Car retrival took well over 30 mintutes. I noticed their bell staff was not around and the lobby hardly have anyone in it. When you are paying 30+ for valet it should be rocket speed. Thank you for taking the time to provide feedback regarding your recent stay with us. We are delighted to hear that you enjoyed your time here and we hope you will come back and see us again. Parking and valet services can take some time because our parking lot is located six blocks off-site. We are happy that even though you experienced issues with this you still enjoyed your stay.
	This was the second time I had stayed in this hotel. The first time I stayed it was still under the Southern Cross Hotel management group. I chose this hotel the first time due to its location, but after staying noticed it could have used some updating however the location made up for that. Well now that The Saint has rebranded this hotel it is truly the best value in Key West with top notch amenities along with the awesome location.On this trip we stayed with family and friends and this hotel meet our needs perfectly. I do think this hotel is also great for a more romantic getaway. It definitely has that modern romantic feel, but also suit family's as well. Very well done.The staff is among the nicest we have encountered in Key West and they really go out of their way to make sure you enjoy your stay. We will definitely be staying here in the future and I highly recommend you give this hotel a shot on your next trip to Key West. You won't be disappointed.Thank you for letting us know how much you enjoyed your recent stay at The Saint Hotel! We appreciate your positive comments on our staff and hotel atmosphere. We are so glad that you found it conveniently located to everything! We hope you will come visit us again. Thank you again for your review.
	My husband and I always try to stay at the Hotel Phillips when we are in Kansas City. It is our favorite hotel and we have stayed at many. I feel at home there and the staff has always been exceptional, although we are not particularly demanding guests. Over the years we have probably spent at least 20 nights there.... More
	Bad: missed not having a pool or somewhere to sit out and read. we were next to the railway so the train was noisy but we got used to it. Good: loved the food. beds very comfortable. excellent value.
	This perfect hotel is in the perfect location. The photos here don't do it justice. If you like trendy boutique hotels, then this is the perfect place for you to stay in Key West. We loved everything about our stay. The room and property were well kept and clean, the breakfast was plentiful and met our needs, and the staff were all very friendly. I would recommend this hotel for couples or a getaway with friends.Thank You, and a special thanks from the staff of The Saint Hotel Key West. We are extremely thankful for your recommendations and your excellent praise of the property. We hope we have the opportunity to accommodate you on your next trip to Key West.
	The Wait staff in Bar not so good and not friendly. The rest of was stay was very good. Clean rooms great location for the Duval Crawl. I will be back next time I'm in the area. Being I am a fan of Key west I wanted to try something differentThank you for your feedback and I will share this with the Food Beverage manager so that this is a single occurance. We hope to have another chance to serve you on your next trip to Key West!
	If you are looking for a hotel with a cool Miami-style vibe in a central location, this might be the place for you. The hotel is located right on the main drag (Duval street) so it's close to restaurants, drugstores, bars, etc. You can walk to everything from the hotel. The downside to the location is that it is close to Duval. We were in a room that was close enough to Duval that you could hear partying way into the night. After having difficulty sleeping the first night (noise until about 3 am) we asked to moved the next morning, the person at the front desk entertained the idea but was not able to come through. An apology or at least some empathy would have been nice (for example, Oh, I'm sorry the noise kept you up). That was not the case. The response was, At least you're not in rooms xxx and xxx because those are right on Duval. Not what I expected from a place like this and also because we are platinum members of the hotel chain. The pool area is small but lovely with its zen motif and trees in the background. The rooms were also pretty hip and the toiletries very nice. The hotel staff was fine...cordial..but not friendly or terribly accommodating. The free breakfast perk for platinum members was a parfait (fine but not up to par with other hotels in the brand). I might have taken the points and paid for the breakfast instead. At the least they should give you a credit to apply to something else. The bikes on the property were GREAT! We also enjoyed outstanding drinks at the stylish hotel bar. Overall, we had an enjoyable stay and would probably choose the hotel again the next time we are in the keys. Thank you for taking the time to write a detailed review of your stay with us. We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay aside from some of the issues that you mentioned. We are disappointed to hear about some of the issues you had and we will be sure to address them. We do hope you will return and allow us the opportunity to provide you with a perfect stay.
	We stayed for New Years Eve 2016. From the minute we walked in the door we were treated like preferred guests. Abraham and Maria made us feel right at home. They were even kind enough to keep the bar open so we could enjoy a drink after a long day of travel. Paul, Lane, Justin and Jess were all fantastic behind the bar. The Shipwreck was out of this world and Paul should be nominated for Sainthood for the way he makes this drink. Overall, we had a fabulous stay. The pool was warm and with some adjusting of chairs we were able to catch some sunshine. The hotel location was absolutely ideal. We walked everywhere and there were wonderful places to eat and drink all around us. This is the place to stay in Key West! Thank you so much for taking the time to provide feedback regarding your recent stay with us. We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you were able to indulge in one of our delicious drinks. We will be sure to pass along all of your kind words to each staff member you mentioned. Please come back and see us!
	A hip vibe and soothing lounge music greet you at this fairly new, white-clad, 36-room property located steps from Duval Street, the main drag in Key West. Staff seem a bit over-taxed at times but they bend over backward to assist with everything from meals, room service, taxis, and logistics. Service was excellent, starting with the smiling assistance of bellman Gustavo, who is helpful, not to mention easy on the eyes. Rooms are simply decorated in a modern white motif with blue accents. Blue lighting predominates on the exterior, too. Many of the rooms open with balconies and patios to a lap-style pool crowned by a waterfall and Buddha at one end. Careful - they do have some rooms accurately billed as petite that would be cramped for a couple. My Superior King was spacious enough and comfortable, and was part of the new remodel/construction. You may want to request a newer room. The location cannot be beat. It sits in a relatively quiet block of the otherwise clamorous Duval Street. Through a side gate you step right onto Duval. Go left and hit all the iconic bars from Hemingway days. Go right and there are more of the same, including all of the gay bars and clubs that are only 4 to 6 blocks away. I walked to the marina for several excursions, to the southernmost point and south beaches. The hotel has bikes available at no charge. I only needed a taxi to get to the airport and far-off marinas for some of my excursions. Overall, this property served me well. Its common spaces are chic and modern, the rooms are comfortable, and the people working there make things as easy as possible.Thank you so much for taking the time to provide feedback regarding your stay with us. We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your time and the amenities of our property! We will be sure to pass along all of your kind words to our employees so that they know their hard work is appreciated. Please, come back and see us!
	The Saint Hotel is a top notch hotel located only half a block from the action of Duval St. From the check-in experience, to the amazing upgraded room overlooking the beautiful infinite pool and the convenience of the prime location in Key West this place was awesome. Upon check-in I was helped to my room by the amazingly helpful and friendly staff and I was directed to some places I should check out for the nightlife all within walking distance. The next 2 days, I started my mornings with the complimentary continental breakfast followed by exploring the island of Key West on 1 of the complimentary hotel bikes. I was able to end my afternoons with some relaxation in the amazing pool area. The entire staff was extremely helpful and professional throughout my stay. It was great to see the manager Abraham was very active with the everyday workings of the hotel staff and guests to ensure everyone has a great, unforgettable experience at the Saint. I would without a doubt stay at The Saint on my next trip to Key West!!Miss Elissa, Very Nice, you told me you were going to write a review, but I didn't expect all this, your writing has definitely spread smiles throughout the employees. Thank You, the whole staff thanks you. We are delighted you chose The Saint Hotel during your stay in Key West, you were a fun guest, easy to talk to and a delightful ray of sunshine around the property. Should your future travels bring you back to Key West, we hope The Saint Hotel will be your preference out of the many hotels to choose. Once again Thank You for the wonderful review.
	First off I'll start with The Saint is an unique boutique hotel that sits on Eaton Street with access to Duval Street. We had booked what they call the petite double I believe and they aren't wrong. My husband paced it out and we figured it was approx 150 square feet. That being said it did have everything you needed and was tastefully done, but you'd never want to stay in it more then a night or two. They had a lovely balcony over looking Duval Street that sadly for us was 1 room away from ours and on NY's Eve they had their party on it . I wish I would have known this in advance as laying in bed after midnight it felt and sounded as if I was still in the middle of the dance floor. That aside I suppose I should have expected that being NY's but I've never been in a hotel especially a Marriott where the party was more important to the guest comfort. They have a lovely bar in the lobby away from the guest rooms which would have been a better and less noisy option for the quests who weren't attending their NYs party. All and all I'd say there are plenty of other choices to stay at in Key West at comparable costs (this wasn't cheap at 448.00 per night for 2 for the smallest room) that would cater more to the comfort of their guests then the 50 dollars a person they made at the NY's party.I apologize for the noise on New Year's Eve. Key West is a hot spot for the holiday and our hotel is known for the balcony countdown party overlooking Duval Street. The rates are comparable to other hotels for that night yet may have not been quieter on this busy day on the island. We hope you will give us another visit on a non-holiday and reserve one of our larger Superior King rooms that will be more comfortable for you. Happy New Year to you and your family.
	My husband made these reservations and I was a bit nervous after reading some reviews. I was a bit more nervous when I saw their lobby which is far from the usual Marriott lobbies. However, our room was spotlessly clean, overlooked the lovely pool area and was quite nice. It was smaller perhaps but not nearly as small as I expected from some reviews and not small enough to be an issue. The staff was very accommodating and interesting. The location is centrally located and convenient. This is not a cookie cutter hotel. There is absolutely nothing cookie cutter about it. If you're looking for something unusual, this is it. Thank you for your kind review and for you loyalty to Marriott.We do appreciate the fact that you gave us the opportunity to surprise you in a positive manner. And we are delighted to hear that we have been able to meet and go beyond your expectations.As a boutique hotel from the Autograph Collection of Marriott, we are proud to differentiate ourselves by our unique concept and design.We hope to have the pleasure to welcome you again in the future.
	This property was delightful in every way -- the perfect place to celebrate my birthday! The decor was unique and our rooms were very comfortable, functional and stylish,. The pool view afforded us a surprisingly quiet stay, particularly given the proximity to Duval Street. Paul and Tripp at the bar were both amazing, each in his own way. They are artists behind the bar, brewing (literally sometimes) concoctions that are different from anything I've ever tasted, but each was really special. And what can I say about Andrew in the kitchen He cooked our tuna and snapper catch in 3 courses, and they were nothing short of magnificent. Again, like nothing I've ever had before. I LOVE this place, and will undoubtedly be back again, hopefully before too long!Thank you so much for your review, we are so delighted your birthday was a success. It tickles me to hear all the great evaluations you have for our staff. I must mention Andrew has this unequivocal desire to please, he lives to see peoples expressions after their first bite. Its good to know we've made a new friend, hope to see you again soon.
	What a bad mistake choosing this hotel. As a Platinum Marriott member, I thought that I could expect a certain minimum standard in service and accommodation. Man, was I wrong! Although I booked the least expensive room type, I expected a room upgrade, if available. The Marriott website showed a number of upgraded room types available, but the hotel refused to upgrade. I have never seen this before. The manager lied to me, saying there were no other rooms available, and had no explanation when I pointed to the front desk clerk, who confirmed what the Marriott website said about other rooms available. The room I was provided was the smallest room I have ever experienced...my home closet is larger! Worse yet, the room did not feel clean. The bathroom floor was unacceptable. Thankfully, I was able to check out the next day and find a much better hotel at about a third less. In sum, ridiculously small, unclean room with horrible management.Thank you for taking the time to provide feedback regarding your recent stay with us. We are disappointed to hear that you had a less than perfect experience. We will pass along this review to each department to ensure that problems like yours do not occur again. Cheers!
	Bad: I lost roulette. Good: Buffet bb
	I great place to stay just off Duval street. The registration staff was VERRY helpful with great suggestions. A very eclectic small hotel. A small bar area was very comfortable. Others have commented on the great bartender...that was not our experience. He seemed to be completely focused on his Brit and Aussie patrons to the exclusion of the rest of us. I would return here for the accommodations and pool area Thank your for sharing your feedback regarding your stay with us.Glad that you enjoyed our location and our facilities.However, we are sincerely sorry to hear that you had a less-than-perfect experience at our bar. And I am 100 sure that if you give them a second chance, our staff will know how to make it right to you. Our bar is one of our major asset within our establishment. Their attention to details and their natural sympathy made them become a reference in the island.We hope he will have the chance to fully meet your expectations during your next venue at the Saint.
	My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Saint Hotel in Key West recently. The room was beautiful, the staff very friendly and helpful. We loved the balcony overlooking the pool. We really think there should be a mirror in the room so that two people can get ready at the same time, rather than having to wait for the bathroom steam to clear before the other person can get ready to go out. We did have to ask for towels and toilet tissue the second day, but the staff were quick to bring them to us. We also received extra hangers when we asked for them definitely needed more hangers! We thought the location was perfect, and the bikes were a treat also. We did lose WiFi, Tv, and music due to some sort of work going on in the street. It all came back on after a while. We enjoyed our stay at the Saint and would definitely stay there again! Jim Lois HoganMr. Mrs. Hogan, thank you so much for taking time our and reviewing our property. We greatly appreciate all the kind words about the hotels rooms, location and staff. I think its a wonderful idea about having a second mirror in the rooms we will definitely take it into advisement because it would enhance the experiment. Should you travel to Key West in the near future we hope you will consider The Saint Hotel Key West as your next residence. Thank You once again
	We were in Key West September 18th thru September 22nd. We were supposed to meet another couple but unfortunately they couldn't make it because Anne- Marie broke her ankle shortly before the trip. So, we got to the Saint Hotel that Sunday after being dropped off by a taxi that we took from the airport. I would have never believed that something so beautiful would be behind the front doors that we entered. Once inside,the place was magnificent! The room, the pool, the bar/restaurant area were all so nice! I would be remiss if I did not mention how friendly and personable the staff was, particularly Gustavo Lobo and Maria. Gustavo was so helpful and friendly. He was so pleasant to be around. He went out of his way to help us, especially when we were at the pool. And Maria, she was so personable and a pleasure to talk to. Both were outstanding people! Wish we could have stayed longer! We mistakenly left a bag of gifts at the hotel when we had already left for home and after calling the hotel to see if we had left it there, it was sent back to our home within five days! Great place, both hotel and island!!!!!!!!!Thank your for this amazing review.Please be sure that I will share this comment with Gustavo Maria. They make us proud everyday by providing a genuinely caring service to our guests.In addition, we are flatted that you truly appreciate the unique decor and saintly vibe of our establishment. And it is true that the Saint is full of surprises and mystery...On the other hand, I am sorry to hear that your trip with us was too short, but note that we will always be pleased to have you here in Key West.
	We recently stayed at the Suncoast Hotel for a wedding we attended. This hotel was chosen by the couple, so we weren't sure what to expect. The staff was pleasant enough. Upon entering, we immediately noticed how strongly it smelled of smoke (much stronger than any other casino we've ever been in). Our room was spacious enough and clean, though dated somewhat in appearance. The toilet in our bathroom leaked a bit and the brass towel racks were all scratched up as well. The wallpaper was peeling off in a spot or two. Our toiletries were not replenished at all during our stay, but we didn't bother to call about it. The price of course is ridiculously low. My husband and I aren't big gamblers, so thought we would enjoy some time by the pool. We were surprised at how small the pool was and that there were no poolside servers. It is more like any backyard pool rather than a pool for a large casino. There is a TGI Fridays near the pool, which we were able to get drinks from and ate at a couple of times. The food and service there was very good. There is a bar by the pool, but it wasn't open at all during our 4 day stay. This property is a good 30 minute ride from the strip, which is about a 50 cab ride one way! For us personally, we would much prefer to stay closer in as we like to site see and visit different restaurants. The pool is also a large deciding factor for us as well.
	I have stayed here a few times and most recently this week. Their deluxe rooms are sub par, the ones with the golf view are somewhat better and worth the money. The Mediterranean two bedroom suite is a great value and the Presidential was a swing and a miss for us. All of the rooms are spacious, but the bedding in the deluxe rooms was uncomfortable. We never stayed in the one bedroom suite, but Med suite is very large with ample common space and generous sized bedrooms. The bathrooms are green granite which gives a nice feel to the room. We most recently stayed in a Presidential suite (one of four in the hotel) room 960. We were booked in the Med. suite, but decided to accept the up-sell upgrade and pay the extra 124 per night to check it out. While it is about 1,000 sq ft larger than the Med. the huge common area was wasted on the two of us. The two bedrooms were a bit larger with the king master offering a beautiful panoramic view of the golf course from the bathroom. The rest of the room has sweeping views of the mountains, once you get past the immediate view of the top of the parking garage. The master shower has a shower panel that looks to offer a variety of body jets with a shower head. The thing was awful with the only two options being the waterfall and shower head or just the waterfall. The first night the water barely got hot enough to take a shower. I reported the problems and they fixed the water temp but not the panel. The water in LV is very hard and this panel also had the classic green deposits that come from the water. You would think they could afford some CLR to clean the unitWhile I am on the soapbox, I must comment about their toiletries. The shower/bath soap was a tiny little white bar in a cheap cardboard box. The shampoo and conditioner were equally cheap, but the kicker was the hand/face soap. It was a little round disc in a plastic package. When I opened it to use it, I thought it was a recycled soap piece! It had no lather and was just crap. If anyone from the property reads this, you really need to re-think these products as they scream CHEAP. The rest of the facility is a midstream casino/resort experience. Granted, you are not on the Strip, but there are nicer neighborhood properties in the area. The newly added The Game sports bar and Subway are decent. The Deli. offers a great value for your money albeit with a limited menu. There is also a movie theater and a variety of other restaurants that we didn't try. The pool appears to be small for the property, so investigate it further if you plan to spend much of your stay at it. The staff are all very friendly and there is ample and easy parking. Overall, not a bad place, but just OK.Thank you for posting your comments on your recent stay. I have sent your comments to our Facilities and Housekeeping teams to address. I hope the next time you stay you will take the time to enjoy all the amenities our property has to offer. Have a nice day.
	We decided to stay a few extra days in Vegas and found a good offer at the Suncoast, plus we wanted to spend our mornings hiking in Red Rock. The positives: economical, close to Red Rock, large pool, lots of parking, large rooms, nice staff. Negatives: old, the carpets are shaggy like the atmosfere in general. In the end we wound up just sleeping and spending the afternoons on the Strip, which takes 30 minutes by car.Thank you for your review. Sounds like you enjoyed most of your stay, and you will be pleased we are going through a full scale remodel of our hotel rooms. I think you will be pleased with our new rooms, and we look forward to your future stay. Have a nice day.
	Stayed here from October 12-18th. Excellent location, away from the hustle and bustle of the strip traffic. Great eating places around, shopping for ones who like to shop. One the greatest bingo halls ever. I came her in April and won 46,080.00 playing bingo, came back this time and my husband won 1430.00 playing bingo and then won another 500.00 when they called his name on a raffle drawing.Rooms are to die for, absolutely beautiful, had a wonderful view of the city, mountains and golf course. Next door also in two other casinos to enjoy, and 5minutes away is the beautiful Red Rock Casino.The slots are also nice to play, did not win a lot, but stayed alive and did not lose my shirt.Will definitely be coming back to stay.
	During our recent stay in Las Vegas, NV we stayed at the Suncoast Resort and Casino. The room was very large with a great view of the golf course (had to pay extra for the view!). The maid was very nice and friendly. We ate at three of the restaurants that are onsite. Good food and a very fair price. There is a movie theater onsite. We went to a movie and was surprised at the size and comfort! Nice! The resort is close to the red rocks. To top off our trip, one of us won a royal flush. Loved our visit-great room, comfortable bed, nice view, quiet, and very welcoming.
	I got a 'thank you for staying with us' email with the above words in it. On my last trip I had just left the Suncoast and was talking to a slot attendent at the Mirage who also likes the Suncoast. He asked why I liked it so much and I said I did not know - now I know - I feel so comfortable here. I stay at the Suncoast for 2-3days every 2months as part of a longer10-11 day holiday. It is not the Strip but it is still a nice casino - a locals casino with bowling, a cinema and bingo hall. But it also has a conference centre / banuet hall. You do not look out over the Strip but you can look out over a golf course and their nice pool area. When I stay on the Strip I actually ask for a Mountain View room - rather than a view of McDonalds and Walgreens! Even though I am a semi regular I am treated as a local. If I room charge I do not need to show ID - that's OK - we know you. The Cocktail waitresses even remember what I like to drink. They like my English accent! I had changed the dates of mt stay and the receptionist spotted that my dining credit had not been carried over so she corrected that. They now have sofas for the rest of your party can rest while you sign-in. The area is smoke-free - for those not used to casinos but I still say I do not recognise the casino as being smokey. I like the buffet for breakfast (8.50 inc tax) but then Du-Pars for Dinner where I can sit and have the food brought to me. The wine is 5 a glass 4-7pm - a nice end to the day. I'm interested in trying PengZu. The menu is on the Suncoast website and has some interesting dishes that attract this 61yo white guy. For burgers etc they have The Game sportsbar or the bowling alley snack bar - I have enjoyed both. Some days I do not feel hungary but I am tired so I get a Subway and a bottle of wine from the Gift shop (Glen Ellen Cabenet 4) and retire to my room. There is a refrigerator in the room. Du-Pars do the room service but the menu was missing from my room the last two trips. At some hotels that would be an issue but not at the Suncoast. My next trip will be in May with a suite at NYNY, a room at the Suncoast and a suite at the Mirage. I have asked for a Tuscany suite on eStandby. If I do not get it I will be happy with my 550sqft Suncoast room with floor to ceiling windows. I can get a bus from outside NYNY (or the airport) to the Suncoast for 2 - the Westcliffe Express (WAX). The bus can take me back to the Strip and somedays it has taken me to Downtown to visit the Suncoast's sister properties.Awesome! We love to see five-star experiences. We are glad our mission is fulfill through you experience with us! Thank you for visiting us! See you again, next time!
	A nice clean casino with affordable restaurants. However, the service you get from the hosts and managers are nothing short of Unacceaptable. Being one of the newest casino in Summerlin area does not give management the right to have a chip on their shoulder. Unlike other casinos who treat their guest as if they would want to be treated, the Suncoast management don't care if one has a pulse as long as one bring in revenue to their casinos.Their compensation for players is Zero. You can be sitting there for 5 hours and end up with a 10 buffet voucher, which they will write it off on their expenses. I stop an executive host to ask a question about the table action and he purposely ignored me and walked away. I have been to this casino in the past and swear to my family and friends that I will never make the drive and step in this casino AGAIN. Suncoast management should understand that they are not the only casino in Vegas and they are not close to being the best. I would rate them bottom of the barrell.Suncoast management: Go back to the basics and treat customers well and they will come back for more action.
	Bad: The bathroom needs to be upgraded. It is very worn, the brown wall paper was dirty and the paint on the sink counter was pealing off. was also disappointed the room did not have a coffee maker. I like to have a cup while I get dressed in the mornings. would have liked a non-smoking area in the casino. I am a non-smoker and I had to keep taking breaks and go outside for fresh air. Good: The Beds were great! The location was very good. The gentleman at the Registration desk was very helpful and friendly. And the Lady at the Keno lounge was nice too.
	The Suncoast Hotel itself was nice. The room we had was a standard king room and very spacious and clean. The bed and pillows were rather industrial (hard). The fitness room was well-maintained and the hotel overall pleasing. The casino was well-ventilated and equipped with all the standard gaming.The breakfast buffet was a bargain for we mature folks. The evening buffet was mediocre at best.The desk was verrrry slow in checking in.The biggest disadvantage of the Suncoast is its location out away from the Strip and downtown. It is isolated in a more residential part of northwest Las Vegas. They do try to compensate by making a free shuttle available which ran on time and took guests to the airport or to the Strip.
	lady manager so rough/flirty...tall n sloppy . talks like a man .. didn't care about the problem... as far as the rooms concern n , restroom they'll all clean. tight machine... most of the time lost all my money. lean my lesson wont want to even try again.Thank you for your feedback regarding the coffee shop, service at the buffet, our staff, and more. We must apologize that your experience with us was unsatisfactory this is not in line with our usual high service standards. Your comments have been forward to our Food and Beverage departments. In the future, we encourage you to bring this to our attention immediately so we can rectify the situation promptly. Again, thank you for your review and we look forward to your future stay.
	Booked for a convention over a Friday thru Saturday recently, It was prudent to reserve my stay on the premises, although my customer loyalty cards recommended the hotel across from the golf course. Prices were not as low as many reviewers state for this hotel, two weeks prior the event but relatively expensive Friday and Saturday night stays (almost double the workweek day rate - and almost all hotels do this in Las Vegas, some more than others). Flights expensive from the East Coast this year, Saturday return some 100 cheaper than flying back on Sunday - and the red eye flights leave close to the date changeover time.The next shock came finding out about getting there from and to McCarran Intl. airport - it's apprx. 17 miles in distance, taxicab 60...70 when arriving late night! But what the hotel staff did not readily disclose - ther's a low-key bus (WestCliff Express) for two (2) dollars, that takes about 50 minutes (while still running along the highways) and makes its final scheduled stop less than a quarter mile/400m from the hotel entrance! Other participants of the convention took out rental cars (the hotel shuttle, price not known, last leaves hotel or airport by 6pm, so you're out of luck on eastbound red eye flights, that's where the bus really pulls its weight...)Enormous lobby areas greet you and hefty puffs of cigarette smoke - almost like good ole Europe (used to be...). The area appears more cluttered (efficiently equipped) with money machines than in some other hotels on and off the strip, making it a challenge to find your orientation and the concierge area, at first.Yes, the personnel really is friendlier here than in town, instead of the allocated room on the third floor, I requested one on a higher level and was granted one with an outstanding view of the golf course and the mountains. Clean room, with separate sink area vs shower/toilet area, albeit fixtures telling their heritage closer to the 80s than the 2000s. A flat screen TV (not HD)with a very limited program but a few music channels that are worth mentioning (and I couldn't turn it off at the end of a two night stay, not via remote or on the mainframe!) The biggest drawback were the enormous 4 AC motors below (the size of B757 engines) and their significant noise when at least two of the four fans were continuously running - mind, we had 107F (40C) outside temps during the day...Too bad, despite the weekend room rate surcharge, wi-fi was available only at another surcharge of 12,99/day, and amazingly, I managed without. No group discount (considering the conference) had been negotiated.A very opulent breakfast bar greets the all-nighter not before 8am on weekends, keep your gambling registration card handy as it will give you 2 meal discount, but prices are really reasonable for Las Vegas, the quantity or the quality. Likewise the prime rib dinner buffet, good job, guys! Please tip the friendly staff like Easterners...A solid good, not quite very good and I decisively wish to criticize the very draughty, excessively chilled conference rooms on the second floor (near the bingo hal) with no possibility of adjusting climate control clearly spells out that this hotel isn't latest generation any more.Would I recommend it heat-soaked LA drivers might find their sanctuary here, it's not close to the strip, but if you don't need access to downtown daily and are a little more cost conscious, this might just be your choice for a few days. Good luck in winning a jackpot!
	Outstanding hotel. Stayed in a huge suite at a good price. Hotel and room were very clean. Room was quiet, no noise from the hall or other rooms. Excellent service: valet, bellman, room service, front desk. Front desk had two cribs in our room before our arrival. At most hotels, we have to call two or three times after arrival to get cribs delivered, no matter how often we have requested them ahead of time. Only issue: pool was not heated as much as needed.
	I stayed with my sister in this hotel...Basically, as it was New Years, various other hotels closer to the the Strip were booked. The SunCoast staff were very helpful friendly, even when our flight was delayed and we had to reschedule our shuttle pick-up from the airport---use this! The SunCoast is very far from the airport and it is free so you will save yourself money.The rooms and bathrooms were very clean and spacious. The buffet downstairs was decent. The only downside is, again, its distance from the Strip. The shuttle times are not very convenient, especially if you want to spend a night on the town. The cab fare from the Strip to our hotel costs us around 30. So, keep that in mind.Hope this helps!
	With the movie theater, kids babysitter facility,bowling alley, swimming pool, casino, etc this was a very nice place, only 15 minutes from the strip. kid friendly swimming pool (which also had a pretty lively weeklly adult pool party) was nice. large clean rooms accomodated 4 people easily. the st tropez buffet food was very good and moderately pricedwe would definitely stay there again. a large shopping mall and other stores are less than 5 minutes away. beatiful view of both the strip at night and the mountains from our room. we also looked out over the pool area and a golf coursethe fitness center was just that. not a bike and treadmill like some places. they had treadmills, elliptical trainers and bikes as well as several weight machinesspa on site but i didnt get to try it out unfortunatelygive it a try and i know you wont be disappointed
	Enjoyed my stay at the Suncoast, I was in for a wedding with my daughter and there were plenty of things to do for the kids. I enjoyed the movie theater and bowling alley which kept us occupied in between family events. The rooms are very good as well. Ventilation was not the best in the casino on the first day and you could smell more smoke than normal.
	Suncoast is off the strip about 20-30 minutes depending on how you drive. Vegas is easy to get around if you do rent a car. I have stayed in several LV hotels both on and off the strip but I honestly can say I was surprised at how nice the rooms were. The views are spectacular - mountains and golf courses- very peaceful. I'm a corner checker - I hate to see dirt in the corners of the bathrooms - every square inch was spotless! The crisp snow white bed covers reassured me of the cleanliness. We felt like we had a suite by both the size and the amenities. As we kept late nights we wanted to sleep The choice of restaurants is nicely varied and even has a Seattle's Best for the coffee drinker. They bring in some great music bands. I can't say enough about the well mannered and pleasant staff. Despite the line up check in was quick and pleasant. Loved the pool hot tub with the views of the mountains. Close to great shopping (5 min walk) , 15 minute from Red Rock Canyon State Park( rock climbing, varied degrees of hiking easy to tough), 20 min to Bonnie Springs (rustic restaurant, zoo fun for all ages) I would recommend this hotel without reservation!
	Lots of activity under way to improve the hotel. They have some new eating places coming in soon. The new Game Place sports bar had great food and drinks. The bartender Angela was friendly and helpful.Rooms are spacious and quiet. Beds were comfortable when you are finally ready to crash. My room was clean and no complaints about maid service,I used the shuttle service to return to the airport and this was a nice savings over a cab or rental car.Downside / upside is that this is a LONG way from the strip. You can walk to a few places. A few gold courses are next door, with Angel Park and Badlands on either side. I would not want to stay here more than two nights without a car to get out more.The players club had ZERO points gifts except in small or medium sizes. How is that possible. F minus. Many employees were friendly and helpful. Room rates were very reasonable compared to the Strip.
	Didn't do a review for our March/April visit but our stay for July/August was just as good and as always its like coming home to Family, our Maid Ada is an absolute star and looked after us to perfection, all the girls in the coffee shop are great and even have our order prepared if they seen us walking up for our morning coffee, special mention for Whitney who was good enough to take us shopping one day, Suncoast you have lots of real stars working here that make our trips great and even harder to leave on our long journey home,see you all in March 2018.
	Bad: Not so quiet during the night, since it's really close to highway. Good: The beds were very confortable. The parking was for free, and the location close the Fremont street.
	The Suncoast Hotel and Casino has become our home away from home. We are treated like family on our return visits. It's nice to see familiar faces the casino staff and restaurant staff. We especially enjoy the Oyster Bar Restaurant. The hotel rooms are beautiful, comfortable, clean, and roomy. The golf course and mountain views are beautiful while having breakfast. We always rent a car to visit some of our favorite places. Enterprise rent a car is right up the road they pick you up at the hotel and drop you off when you are done with the car. The distance between the strip and downtown is REALLY not a problem. The location and atmosphere is laid back away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and there is a Cheesecake Factory across the street where we always visit at least once while we are there. All in all, if you visit Las Vegas to relax and do some casual gambling, this is a gem of a place to stay. We would highly recommend the Suncoast, but rent a car if you want to check out the rest of the city......Aloha!
	My wife and I recently moved to Vegas, and come here fairly regularly. We recently visited Salvatore's Italian restaurant for our anniversary dinner. This place is right out of Good Fellas - great ambiance, and old school vibe with great food. We've never stayed here, but always enjoy gambling here and coming for an occasional drink, or to watch a movie at the theater.
	I visited the Suncoast Hotel Casino in Las Vegas last weekend and was pleasantly suprised. The rooms are clean and the rates are great!I live in Las Vegas for my second home, and many times I bring friends to gamble here in Las Vegas. They all can't stay at my home, so we usually look for a local hotel and casino to stay at that is affordable.The Suncoast had great restaurants, clean rooms and winning slot machines at a low price.The only drawback I had was that as a non-smoker, the casino needs better ventiliation. It was very smoky in the casino area.Highly recommended!William Mahoney
	I always joke with my parents since this is their hotel. My wife and I stayed there two nights and I have to say it was excellent. Room view was great. Lots to do for families (bowling, movies, arcade). Clearly not a Paris, Caesers, Belligio but then the prices aren't either. Lots of elderly people mixed in with families. It was a good change of pace from the strip and an entirely different feel (thats good and bad).
	We stayed 4 nights and for the price it met far behine my expectation. Every thing is there for you right in this hotel. I love this hotel and I will be booking there again on my next trip to Las Vegas. They rooms are big and very clean. This hotel is great for a family trip,so much to see and do.
	Went to eat at their buffet. They have a variety of foods. Good food for a great price. If it's your first visit, you get a discount on the buffet. We also did a little bit of gambling. I was in town visiting family and they informed me of other things you can do such as bowl and catch a movie.
	Stayed here because rooms were blocked for a wedding. When we entered, the casino was very smoky and hot. They definitely need to move the air around better. The restaurant offerings are limited and some of them don't run well. The service in the restaurants was very slow. The room itself was spacious, clean and well priced. We had one day for a pool day, the temperature was 94 degrees. Imagine our disappointment when we found the pool is shaded by the building the entire day! Also, the pool amenities were all closed down. Huge disappointment -- huge! We would not have stayed here if we would have known. I did have a wonderful massage and it was a great value. If you would like to have the massage of your life, go see Elvira! She is awesome.
	I recently stayed at the Suncoast for three nights while working on a project in Las Vegas. The good points about this property are that it has plenty of parking (due to the casino), large rooms, great views from the back of the building, and good housekeeping service. The beds were fairly comfortable (but firm) but the pillows were very hard. Walking into the property however, is like a journey back in time. The decor is dated (brass fixtures everywhere) and the casino, registration, and dining areas are like standing in a chimney. There are so many people smoking in the casino, with so little ventilation, that the smell permeates almost the entire property. After a few minutes, my eyes were burning. Fortunately, the smell did not extend to the rooms (but it did to the hallways). Other negative aspects of the property are the very poor selection of TV channels and the poor set ups for working in the rooms. There is wireless internet but there are no power outlets near the desk or bedside tables. It is obvious that this property survives based on its clientele of older casino patrons. I would stay away unless I had a specific reason to be in this area.
	I love the small size overall. This is my third time here because I tag along while my husband is at a conference. The pool is perfect, with full sun AND cabanas. There is a wide choice of restaurants and all are well served. We saw a movie while there and had a nice choice of current movies.
	Big room, nice (enough) bed...the bathroom amenities were a bit odd (like they were the cheapest wholesale could buy. But this epitomizes off strip casino world. Nice enough staff. Cheap price. Clean.Hello jpm3x,We are pleased you enjoyed the service from the staff, the cleanliness of the property, and that you received a good value for the money you spent here. On your next visit, please see a property leader to discuss how we can make your next visit a five-star review.
	Bad: The beds were not too comfortable. Good: I really liked its location, and slot machines, the Paradise Buffet, and Duncan Donuts place within the Fremont Hotel.
	Their is everything for everyone at the Sun Coast. Every amenity you could want or need ranging from small children to adults. From arcades, bowling alleys, and cheap gambling. A very nice place to enjoy Vegas away from the Strip. Also It is right across the street from some amazing golf courses along with shops and fine dining. A very good choice in my opinion!
	This it's the place to stay if you just wanted to relax and not do a whole lot of activities. The price is very decent since you're away from the strip (about a good 15+ mins. away). The rooms are clean and the staff are very friendly. Bowling alley and game room can keep the kids entertained. Ask for a room with golf course view.
	Today with the economy the way it is everyone is trying to make a dollar. That is understandable. My stay at the Suncoast lost its glitter when I was told I had to pay for a boarding pass to be printed. I could not believe that they do not include this courtesy for their guests. A daily charge of 5 was charged to my credit card. The explanation was that includes all local calls, a safe in the room, a small refrigerator and wi-fi. As far as I am concerned the refrigerator could be removed as a inclusion. I had a room that was extremely noisy and asked to be moved. It took them hours to get this accomplished. I refused to gamble there after being told about the charge for the printing of the boarding pass. We had dinner at the Red Rock and I decided to try and see if they would print my pass for me. I didn't think they would do it but I was shocked. They never asked me for money or even if I was staying there at the hotel as a guest. I explained to the desk clerk what had happened and they couldn't believe it. I was told they print lots of boarding passes for people as a courtesy not just guests of their hotel. This finished me with the Suncoast. I will never dtay there again while in Vegas. It's the principle of the thing that matters. They could have gained my respect and lots more business from my office. There is no reason for this to happen. It is not good PR at all. The Red Rock has all of my future business. No wonder the Republicans didn't go to the Suncoast. The Red Rock rolled out the carpet and knows how to treat people.Thank you for your feedback, and your comments. We do apologize your experience was unsatisfactory. I do want you to know we take all comments as an informational tool to help serve our customers in a more efficient way.
	Everyone was very friendly and our room was nice and clean. My room had yellow sinks and toilet and a phone in the bathroom just like the 70's and 80's Vegas. Would definitelygo back. The only drawback was the breakfast buffet. Although it was given to us free for the first night the food was lousy. Du Pars was a much better choice.Thank you for your review! We appreciate it. If you have any advice on how we can earn that last star, then please let us know, because our goal is to provide you with five-star service.
	We have stayed at this hotel many times. I think it's great for families. My son loves the small arcade, bowling alley, movie theatre, pool and Friday's restaurant. I love the fact that the rooms are large, very clean and come with a small fridge. It is also great for families to have the shower and toilet area seperate. In addition to Friday's restaurant there are other restaurants including a 24 hour cafe and an ice cream shop that stays open late as well, very convenient. There are also shopping centers near the hotel that include just about every store and restaurant you can think of, Target, PF Changs, Mimi's etc. My parents had an odd numbered room and it overlooked the pool and golf course. My even numbered room overlooked a roof, not so nice. This is really the only negative I can think of. Also, pool area has no lifeguard or supervision of any kind, so some adults got a little unruly, drinking beer in the pool, speaking loudly etc. But, overall this is a nice place to stay off the strip, especially for those traveling to Las Vegas with children.
	Very easy check in. Room was clean and comfortable. Service from all employees was good. The food choices are great. The Italian place (Salvatore's I think ) was amazing. Great food and prices with impeccable service. Highly recommended!
	I stayed here for a couple of comp'd nights and had heard that the rooms were remodeled, so I was looking forward to it and had somewhat lofty expectations. I was admittedly impressed. The room was larger than expected, tastefully decorated, and had a great view of the golf course next door and the mountains beyond. It had a good-sized desk in the corner nearest the floor-to-ceiling windows and a real rolling desk chair as opposed to a more common wooden chair. The internet speed was decent, although I had to call support for connectivity assistance. Cox support got me online quickly. The bathroom was even spacious and had two sinks, a large tub/shower, and roomy toilet area. The whole room was just great! The housekeeping staff was fantastic, getting me whatever I asked for quickly. Check-in and check-out was quick and easy and everyone was cheerful, polite, and helpful! As for the casino, the sports book area was large and not overly busy. There was a limited amount of table games, but the common, basic ones were all there. The St. Tropez Buffet was great for the price and everything was tasty and fresh! If you're looking for a golf getaway place to stay, or just someplace away from the craziness of the strip and don't want to spend a fortune,THIS IS IT! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is for the limited amount of table games. Otherwise, it's 5+ stars all the way!
	My wife and I live in Vancouver, BC, Canada. We regularly vacation in Las Vegas because of the climate. We discovered the Suncoast several years ago and stay there frequently. The casino offers tons of entertainment, has bowling, several movies theatres, great restaurants and is surrounded by awesome golf courses. The Suncoast is located in Summerlin which is the best neighbourhood in Las Vegas. Needless to say, we love it. We will absolutely be back.Thank you for visiting us! We look forward to you visiting again.
	We had a wonderful stay at the Suncoast our hotel room was facing the pool and the views were absolutely perfect. It's very nice to visit Las Vegas and kind of get out of the rat race of downtown. Nice location about 20 minutes from the strip. Hotel was very clean plenty of stuff for the kids to do also the arcade was inexpensive and the gentleman that work there was very helpful. The pool area was beautiful and they also have bowling with tons of lanes and a movie theater which neither did we get to explore. We were there to visit family and kind of busy running around. I would Highly recommend this hotel to people visiting with kids to Las Vegas. Pictures are Views from our room 455. The only reason I did not give it an excellent is because you have to walk through the casino to get to the hotel room and you feel like you smoke a few cigarettes by the end of the Walk. I'm not a cigarette smoker
	Truly a magnificent hotel. Beautiful, spacious rooms massive bathrooms. Not anywhere near the strip, but if you are a hiker/climber, this a great location to access the Red Rock Canyon/Spring Mountain Recreation areas. Would go back in a heartbeat. Stay away from the tight slots though.
	Bad: The elevator to the parkade requires some maintenance - at least a wet mop to kill whatever is lurking on the floor!. Good: This resort hotel is amazing - the location in perfect, the rooms are huge, and absolutely spotless!
	Needed a place in the Summerlin area for a visit with relatives. The room was clean and spacious (we were also upgraded to a suite at the last minute). Views of the strip or mountains, or both if you get a suite. Well located for west Vegas activities. Good restaurants at the hotel and nearby. Will definitely stay there again.
	Lives up to all the previous reviews: large, quiet rooms with great view friendly staff little dated extremely smoky casino older crowd. We stayed for 6 nites. We hit the Strip on a couple of evenings and didn't mind the 20 min drive back to our hotel.
	With several shows going on everything near the strip that is reasonable was sold out.I stay at Coast Casino hotels most often when in Vegas so decided to try the suncoast. Yes it is a bit off the beaten path but you're back in the action in 15 minutes... That said the rooms are big as are the bathrooms the staff is super friendly and the restaurants are great...If you like Golf...you're right next door to Angel Park Golf club...didn't have the time to try it out but the reviews are good.
	Decent hotel. Nothing fancy. Just the basics. Even the casino area is quite small and only has basic games and machines. If you need a clean room to just sleep in. This is the place. If you need excitement. Then this is not the place for you.
	I am sitting in my room at the Suncoast as I write this reveiw to you, via high speed internet service provided by the hotel at a 9.99 fee. ( a bargin since I probably saved 100 over the 24 hour period, by using my computer instead of gambling!!)Trip advisor is my travelers bible. I was surprised at any negative comments about the Suncoast, but most were positve witch steered me to give it a try.We checked in Monday, Sept. 26 and will depart today Sept. 28.Since it is off season and during the week, we may have not experienced the heavey smoke ,bad service or disgrundled staff some have written about.The rooms are huge, bathrooms gigantic, and the beds are heavenly.(must be a coast hotel trait, Barbary coast has same beds)We booked through trip reservations , paid 44 a night, received a coupon book upon arrival that had a free luch buffet and other offers.The buffet was wonderful.We have stayed on the strip, done all the fancy dancy hotels and wanted to try someplace the locals recommended that had all the amenities we wanted for a decent price. We found it right here.This is video poker heaven!We ordered the American Casino Guideoff the internet which was filled with valuable gambling information and 2 for one coupons for rooms and food, and gamming. We used Suncoast coupons, and had a fabulous dinner buffet (Tues Filet Mingion ,Prime Rib Seafood etc) , 2 for 1 , saved 15., at the Rampart nex door.We are going to use a coupon and stay at the Las Vegas Club downtown on fremont street when we leave here. 49 for both nights or 59 for newer tower rooms.Another valuable sight is Cheapo Las vegas , which will critic everything down to the buffets in Vegas. Along with Trip Advisor, and American Casino guide ,our trip is just costing us mostly gambling expense.We are looking forward to trying the other Coast hotels because our experiences so far have been positive.So to some it up, if you want to get away from the strip, want a great place to stay, want to take in a movie (18 screen movie theater), comfy beds,decent price, high speed internet, perfect size workout room, great air conditioning, good food at great prices and on and on this is the place for you!Hope you have as much fun as we have had!!!
	This hotel needs a better ventilation system!! The whole place smelled of smoke and farts. I found the casino to be very dreary and outdated. The rooms were very clean and we had a nice view. We had breakfast there and the smell of smoke permeated the restaurant so bad it was hard to eat. I wouldn't stay here again, for sure.
	I stayed her while coordinating a class in one of the hotel's meeting rooms. As the meeting planner, I was upgraded to a wonderful room on the 10th floor. It had a bar, living room, dining area, large separate bedroom and a huge bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and a huge shower. The bed was very comfortable. The meeting facility is very well run, and worth consideration if you have an event. While there is a large selection of restaurants in the casino, I only patronized two: The Cafe Sienna served up a decent, inexpensive early bird breakfast special. The Bagel Cafe Express has pretty good sandwiches, although they seemed a bit pricey. Otherwise, I preferred to get out and eat somewhere else. Across the street are a Cheesecake Factory and a Gordon Biersch Brewpub that are both great places to eat.
	firstly try to park at the front (not the side) of the hotel if you can or in the garage which has direct access to the casinothe smoke from the casino floor doesn't tend to filter into the lifts and upper floors unlike in some of the downtown casinosthe rooms are very large and well appointed. those facing west have a great view of the las vegas stripwe got an early check in at noon which was good and the process was handled in a friendly but efficient way. ac in room was very efficient and the rooms were quiet when we were therelots of eating choices in the casino and surrounding area but you do need a car in order to take advantage of this as the distances and temperatures make walking a difficult optionhowever the local bus does appear to go to the airport on a regular basis and the casino also offered a shuttle there as wellrecommended
	Had a Comp Night at the Suncoast, 2 Queen Sized Bed room. Room seems to be larger than most vegas hotel rooms. Large Bathroom, Clean Quiet... Pool area seems a little small for the average Vegas Hotel, but also offers a hot tub. Casino a bit smoky, perhaps ventilation system can be turned on higher.
	I stayed for three days and I quite enjoyed it. It's quite a distance from the Strip but the mellowness and the view from my room was worth it. Although the decor in the rooms were a little outdated, they were very clean and very SPACIOUS! The one thing I liked about the rooms was that it did not have the adjoining locked doors to the next room, so privacy was well in tact. The safe and fridge were also a plus. Adding to the spaciousness, the bathrooms was quite also large. I had two sinks in one area and then the toilet and shower in a separate part of the bathroom separated by a door. I ate at the buffet for the three days I was there. The selection of food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner was the same each day but was worth the price especially if you signed up for the casino card. You can't beat eating at a buffet for 8+ for breakfast and 11+ for dinner. Sorry, I could not remember how much I paid exactly, but know for sure that it was way cheaper to eat there than at one of the buffets at the Strip. I'd definately stay here again!
	Bad: Limited TV channels and no refrigerator or coffee making facility in room. Good: The free parking at the hotel was great and all the staff were very helpful and polite.
	Something is seriously wrong with the hotel in this casino! Customer service in the casino is outstanding in the hotel not so much. Left our room at 8am to go to the Grand Canyon for the day. Upon returning at 9pm that night found our hotel room door open with the lock holding the door open! Checked the room and it appeared everything was still intact. Talk to the night supervisor at the front desk about it. She told us there was nothing she could do about it and she would call security. Security met us at our room. Talked to us, checked the room and they decided it was no big deal as nothing was missing! So I guess they think it's ok for your room to be open when you are not there! And for at least 8 hrs too. They treated us like we were scamming them or something. Talked to casino night supervisor about it and finally got someone who actually cared. But could give us no answers until she talked to the casino manager.Casino manager finally called next day and said she would comp our room for one night. Well to make this long story short, night was not comped ended up paying for our full 4 nights! I asked to talk to the casino manger again but was told they would not be in until noon. I will never stay in this hotel again nor will I gamble here either. If you stay here lock all your valuables up in the safe. And be prepared for terrible customer service if anything does go wrong. Casino manager did call back later in the day and did comp two nights but I find the actions of the front desk supervisor as well as the security people unacceptable! Also every one acted like it was not a big deal. Maybe they should have someone leave their front doors open all day and see how they feel about that!Thank you for taking the time to post your comments. We apologize for any inconveniences you experienced during your stay. Please be assured that finding your room open is of great concern, and we have advised all appropriate departments of your specific situation. At no time did we think you were scamming or something of that nature. While we can understand your frustrations, please understand there are policies and procedures to be followed in a situation like this. We hope you enjoyed the rest of your trip, the Grand Canyon must have been amazing to see in person!
	We just stayed at the Suncoast. The room are very spacious and clean. We had a deluxe King size room - the room, with the pull out couch could easily sleep a family of four. The room we clean and well maintained.We dined at the Italian restaurant - the food was good and the service was about the same. The casino is clean and well vented. The floor service is a little slow, but that is very common now a days.
	I can't say enough about the Suncoast!! My brother lives in Las Vegas, so as far as the Strip - we have been there, done that. If you are a first time visitor, then by all means, stay on the Strip if you want that Classic Las Vegas vibe. But if you frequent Las Vegas and would prefer a fabulous view of the mountains in Red Rock Canyon, no traffic and great value - then consider a stay at the Suncoast. We (my husband, myself and two children) have stayed there 4 times in the past few years and my parents stay there at least three times each year when they visit. You can't beat the low room rates, and the rooms are HUGE and very nice. The hotel has a large casino, friendly staff and a very nice selection of upscale restaurants, midrange restaurants, even a hot dog stand in the casino near the sportsbook. The pool and hot tub are very nice and never crowded. There is a movie theater and bowling alley. They also have a nightclub and on several occasions, my folks have enjoyed some great concerts at a very low ticket price. They saw the Lettermen and Jay and the Americans and raved about both shows.The only downside is the distance from the Strip - which is probably a 30 minute cab ride. But you are still close to shopping across the street at Tivoli Gardens, which also has some nice restaurants. If you want to explore Red Rock Canyon, do some hiking or horseback riding, or play golf, this would be a great place to stay. We have never had a bad time at Suncoast.
	I stayed here mid May for a large planned Birthday Party. I arrived at 2:00 pm for a room which I had pre-paid for and they were out of rooms so they can me an upgrade to a 10th Floor Penthouse suite at no extra cost, it was amazing and very large.I had come a few years later for a weekend function but stayed next door at the Marriott. Suncoast is almost as nice but far cheaper.Sunday Brunch was OK but a good deal for 19.00 ( you get a discount at all restaurants if you get their free membership card). I didn't try other restaurants. They are building a lot of Shops and restaurants across the street.I like the area as well, quiet and close to Red Rock Canyon.
	I stayed may and June,enjoyed it so much that we are talking about coming back next year,staff very friendly,food at the buffett very good and reasonable prices,room very clean and nice,enjoyed the pool and hot tub, parking not an issue,plenty of shopping around the hotel no complaints,highly recommend it thanks cathy and sheldon
	The hotel was clean and we had at our request a quiet room, room service was good. We don't gamble and really didn't care for being required to have to walk through the smoke filled casino, or even just the casino to get to our room.It seems that your experience was not up to our high standards, and I sincerely apologize for that! We strive for five-star experiences with every guest every time. If you have feedback on how we can improve, please reach out. Otherwise, we hope youll visit again to give us another chance to wow you!
	We received two free weekend nights from Suncoast. Our room was spacious and clean. The beds were comfortable. Whenever we saw an employee they greeted us and were willing to assist! We had to book an extra night and it was very reasonable. I experienced Pure Spa which is on site. WOW! They offered a great combo spa treatment which was to die for! The buffet resturant was also better then expected. Usually buffets are pretty boring but theirs was actually pretty good!
	Stayed at the Suncoast for a week in Feb. 2003. A big, impressive building but understand that it is about a good 20 minute drive on expressways to get to the strip. You will be at the extreme northwest section of the Las Vegas area making it time consuming to get to other parts of the city, but from what we saw this is probably the nicest area in greater Las Vegas (shopping, golf courses, restaurants). Good amenities at the Suncoast, the restaurants in the casino were all great and a good value. Bowling center, movie theatre, nice pool/spa area. Our only reservations concerned the (standard) room we had. The bed had unfitted sheets and mattress pad that just slid all over the mattress and bunched up. The first three nights whoever made the bed left the sheets a foot short at the bottom so that our feet were on the mattress pad. The carpeting looked a bit trafficked. Still, our overall experience was good.
	We spent several nights at this hotel. We loved the location about 8 miles away from the strip, but easy drive. You do need a car if you stay at this property. It is far from most everything else. Plenty of places to eat in the area. Located in a beautiful place near golf course. We had a nice view of the mountains and Las Vegas strip. We found it quiet at night, even though we were there over a weekend, and there were families with young children staying at the hotel. The hotel staff was very friendly, and helpful. We found our room to be large, and clean. Bathroom was large and had double vanity. It is not the most fancy of rooms, but it had everything we needed. A fridge, coffee maker, flat screen TV. We ate at a couple of the restaurants in the hotel and they were good, the buffet breakfast was very good variety for the money. We saw a show at the showroom, every seat is a good one. We used the pool which was very nice, not the biggest one but nicely decorated and plenty of seats. Overall very happy and would stay again.
	I just got back from my 4 night stay here at the SunCoast hotel. I have to say that rooms are spacious, nice and very clean. Valet staff was also nice and was understanding when I forgot a couple items and the gentlemen who helped us carry our bags was very kind and welcoming as well. On the other hand, costumer service is very bad.Front desk staff is horrible. At some point, there was three families in line and all three of the front desk agents were looking at their computer screens completely ignoring that they had guests waiting to check in and check out for about 5 minutes (didn't even look up once). One afternoon I tried to order room service at around 2:40 and to my surprise the lady on the phone advised me that there wasn't anyone to take my order at the moment. So If i wanted to eat I had to go downstairs to the restaurant. At the restaurant, the staff was welcoming. They seated us quickly. But their attention to detail was missing. I had asked for a drink with ice and they would forget the ice. I order a plate a fruit which they completely forgot and tried to charge me for it. Thankfully I remember and got the charge voided. At the check out, a lady with white hair helped me and when I asked her for a bill she replied in a rude tone, Yeah! That's what I'm doing. Might not sound like a bad response but it's the way the person says it that has a bad effect. When I first arrived I immediately thought this was a beautiful hotel. Which it is, but I do believe the staff needs to have some costumer service orientations. (Or perhaps consider hiring younger more friendly people). Hello Angy F,Thank you for your recent visit and for leaving such thorough feedback! At Suncoast, we view all criticism as constructive and rely on it to provide better service and entertainment for our guests. Our team members strive to be friendly and personable during every interaction and are taught that service should always be prompt and accurate. It is disappointing to learn that we were unsuccessful in meeting these high standards during your time with us and I am sorry that it caused you to have less than a five star visit. Your comments will be forwarded to the appropriate management so that they can address and resolve the issues you have reported. Again, I apologize that you were not able to enjoy the high quality service Suncoast has become known for but urge you to visit in the future to experience the improvements caused by your comments.
	Bad: Small restroom. Good: Clean room with a great view.
	We stay at this property at least once a year when we head to Vegas to visit family. We like the location, off the strip in more of the residential area. The rooms have recently been renovated with an updated dcor. The rooms are very spacious and we have never had a problem with noise. The pool never seems crowded. The food is average. Sunrise breakfast for 3.99 in the caf, but you have to know about it as it is not on the menu. We are members of their BConnected players program and do receive the occasional perk, however be aware that anything you win ie. breakfast buffets, have to be used the following day. Other casinos vouchers are good for a longer period of time. Years ago I used to win money or break even, not so for the past few years. We had an issue with our bill at check-out, as we do every year. Someone had visited a bar and charged it to our room. The front desk gal said she'd look into it and within an hour was corrected. My only negative comment is how unwilling they are to satisfy a customer issue. Tried to use buffet coupons one day after expiration. We were told to go to the players club and see about getting comps...were told NO. We had a 15.00 food credit on the room which apparently was only good for that particular date (we used it the day before) and upon check-out was charged to the room. I explained that we were not told it could only be used for that particular date as our stay was for more that one day. NO credit. Very poor customer service considering the size of Boyd properties. Pretty sure 15.00 isn't going to break them and I don't like feeling cheated. This will definitely be a deciding factor for our next trip. Plenty of places to choose from when visiting Las Vegas. Suncoast isn't the only game in town!
	I hate it very disappointed. It is a dump I wouldn't suggest this place to my worst enemy!!
	Try to avoid unless you absolutely have to.
	The room was decent as far as cleanliness, however, the room was very small with two beds and there was no closet or rack to hang up your clothing. It was ok, since we were there to attend a concert and shop at outlet, so the room served the purpose. I must say the bathroom was in great shape, there was no mold or mildew in the tub and it appeared that the room and bathroom had a fresh coat of paint and the tub was new. It served the purpose
	I was VERY nervous about choosing this hotel because of the negative reviews. But we were pleasantly surprised! A group of friends and I (girls, early 20s) stayed here on Saturday 12/28 and our total room cost was 115. We chose Rodeway because it was only a mile away from Bader Field where Life in Color was. The rooms were very clean! Outdated, but clean. Beds were actually pretty comfortable! Didn't use the TV. The bathrooms were also very clean. The shower's water pressure wasn't the best, but we dealt with it. Check in and check out went very quickly and smoothly. Not the friendliest people, but they got the job done. We found a place to park right outside of our room which was great. Parking is 10 which is annoying but you have to pay to park ANYWHERE in Atlantic City so I didn't mind. Anything beats paying 700 a night at Revel (that was their rate on the same night!!!). We were barely in our room all night, so this hotel is perfect for a group of friends who are just looking for a place to shower, pregame, and sleep. I wouldn't recommend this place to a couple only because it's not really romantic or anything. It's very basic, which is what we were looking for. There is a free breakfast but of course we didn't wake up early enough (ends at 10), however there was still fresh, hot coffee at 12pm when we checked out which was nice. This place is definitely NOT a 5-star hotel, but it's also not bad either. And no, we didn't see any hookers!
	This was worst hotel. Te service no good. They need training customer service.
	Where to begin!!! What a filthy rat trap hotel.Literally.In my bathroom window there was edible RAT poison in the open,not to mention the 1 inch Gap under the front door.Upon arrival the parking lot looked like a dump yard.Toilets,mattress',TV's,bottles,condom wrappers were everywhere.The room smelled terrible,I've seen thicker paper towels the the rags in the bathroom.I was afraid to put my bag on the carpet. Fortunately there was a table to leave my bag on. The clincher was on our way out to dinner a maroon cadilac pulls up a 4 of the most disgusting prostitutes get out ready to ply there trade.I stood there in amazement while the pimp told them exactly what was expected of them that nigh,. Again,Please DO NOT STAY HERE
	Stayed for one night on a business trip. It was worth 60 a night with tax on a Friday, Very minimum small room. Looks renovated but the bathroom needs a lot of work! No wifi even though the front desk gave me a password it don't even work! The area is pretty sketchy not the best around!!! Summer is probably a little better. Breakfast was just coffee and one muffin.... Everything is small here I suggest to stay at a casino hotel next time.
	For us it was a fabulous location getting on rail to Cubs game and shopping for what we wanted to do. It's was easily accessible for dining as well Everyone in the hotel was very kind and were able to help with any questions we had Hello Pam D,We are glad our location made your visit to Chicago ideal for your Cubs game! Our service level is something we pride ourselves on and glad it showed during your trip. We hope to see you next time in town!
	This hotel is in a perfect location to downtown Chicago - couldn't ask for better!The public transportation/train system is excellent and the hotel is a short 5-10 minute walk to many of the lines.I took the train from O'Hare and it was super easy !My room was a basic Club Quarters room - standard amenities.The staff was very friendly and helpful.I would most definately stay there again on my next trip to Chicago -
	Bad: Even though we got a non smoking room it still smelled like smoke. Good: Valet parking Duncan doughnut
	The hotel is right across the river from the Trump Hotel. It's a 50 cab ride from the airport. Watched a Cubs game while there. Wrigley field wasn't too far away by taxi. Plenty of shopping and dining in the area. There is a Irish Pub just around the corner from the hotel. Across the street is a running / walking path along the river. Great for people watching. Would stay here again.
	I stayed at the hotel three nights. I was very disappointed by the level of noise at night. The doors were EXTREMLY loud. I could not get to sleep my second night there because I heard doors shut the entire night. I was on the 25th floor. In addition to the noise, the hotel somehow lost my reservation in their system and I had to escalate the issue all the way up to management to get it resolved. It wasn't easy. I will never stay at a Club Quarters hotel again.
	the room is very nice. It's very modern and a bit on the side of a luxurious room. there's a Keurig Coffee machine. The room is relatively small, but I would say this is norm for downtown Chicago. I'm paying maybe 170/night before taxes and fees.
	The place looked promising from the approach its right on the river, facing the beautiful River North area. The building, built way back when, is charming from the outside. And the lobby, while not grand, is also appealing. Once I got into my room, though ho hum.It isnt terrible, but there just is not one thing about it that makes it the least bit special. I had a small room, which was fine, but it was just very bland. The bed covering is one of those bad synthetic things, there were only two limp pillows on the bed stuff like that. There wasnt even an iron or board in the room. The place just felt very cheap and kind of sad. My rate was 200, which was less than other properties the weekend I stayed. But in retrospect, I should have paid an extra 30 to stay at a place that felt more upbeat. My only plusses were: its location, the fact that I was able to check in early, and free internet. Those arent strong enough factors, though next time Im in Chicago, Ill stay somewhere else. C-minus.
	The hotel is one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The location is great and you can easily walk to all the main attractions. It is right by the river which is a nice view. The room was really modern and clean. There was a coffee machine in the room and the hotel provided complementary fruits and soda and water. The staff were really friendly and helpful. I would defiantly go back there and highly recommend it.Thank you, Alex F, for choosing the River Hotel and for taking the time to post a review. We are thrilled to know you enjoyed the accommodations, prime location and friendly staff. We sincerely appreciate your high recommendation and we look forward to seeing you on your next visit!
	Staying over night with a few ladies (co-workers, friends) while attending a multi-day convention. This room was perfect for our needs. A king, a queen, a sitting area with pull out couch made everyone comfortable. Two bathrooms allowed everyone a little more time to get ready for the next day. Kitchenette was convenient to make an instant oatmeal for the next morning. Very comfortable beds. Complimentary purified chilled water near the elevator was a nice touch.Thank you, Chris9767 for choosing the River Hotel. We are delighted to hear you found the accommodations and hotel amenities to your liking. We appreciate you taking the time to post a review and look forward to welcoming you back soon.Kind regards,
	We chose this hotel based on the price and location. It certainly lived up to our expectations. It was by far the best value for money I could find with most other hotels almost double. Given we would be out and about most days we just wanted something decent we could get a good sleep in and was clean.River Hotel check in was quick and easy. After a long flight we asked for a quiet room that had a great view when we woke up.We got a room with a view of the alley way and some kind of air con vents outside (1011). Whatever the air con thing was outside had a constant hum and it would drive anyone crazy.The air con in the room was the only thing noisier! Impossible to sleep with it on even with the supplied ear plugs. It's not the city noise that's the problem it's these two things.We loved the free filtered water and bottles.So overall looking back on this trip I think the value and location win out ever so slightly. Maybe a different room would make a difference to this review overall of the hotel.
	Perfect hotel for a single female traveller. The hotel was clean, convenient, and steps away from major attractions. Easy to access by public transportation. The room is smaller than average, but not too small, and the perfect size for a traveller who is not planning on spending much time in the hotel room anyway. Computers with internet access a plus. Friendly staff. The only gripe I had was the elevators...there are only two of them, so visitors can wait a while for them to arrive.
	I've stayed in so many Chicago hotels I lost count. This location is excellent. The front desk staff was very helpful and hip. Room very modern, large and included a fridge and pull out comfy chair. Parking was only 36 per 24 hours here. Recalling that you are in a big city here and not some country estate, would night noise from the Loop be a surprise Would a panhandler on the sidewalk be a shock Of course not. If these things are disturbing to you, don't stay here. If you crave peace and quiet, four star ambiance and price, you should go up to the Peninsula. The Italian restaurant in the building is very charming and did I mention the building is an architectural masterpiece by Herbert Hugh Riddle, 1928 Its a gem.
	As being a guest in Chicago, you can afford the luxury of spending a couple of hours on the architectural tour through downtown Chicago. The first building they tell you about is the River hotel. Situated opposite the Trump tower, you get a feeling of the grandeur of the 1920s, when the hotel was build. It must have had the same strange feeling, you now get from the Trump tower. Ugly, grotesque, aiming at the very rich and symbolizing something which does not exist and proves to be a dream. While we now call the building historical nostalgia with its weird toptower as of floor 24, the hotel offers a mixture of the old and the new. The old is the buildings shape and elevators, the various signs and sometimes not well maintained emergency staircases. The new offering a business floor, the tiny modernized reception room, the good quality Wi-Fi and free water they serve. And it is this indecisiveness which makes or breaks this hotel. Either do the modern streak or go completely back into the history of 1920's. We were staying on a high floor and really getting in the top of the building, you are offered small floors with smaller rooms. Due to the height, rooms tend to be windy even with closed windows. The room was ok, but why this old fashioned ugly bathroom Why do they forget a bedside table and when asked for and promised, the thing, it never showed up Why have a decent desk but not enough electricity points To be fair the prices are reasonable for downtown Chicago but the hotel just misses the finesses to make it to a four star. The view from the window was amazing but the cold wind chilled up the room sometimes to an uncomfortable temperature. My advice would be stay low.Hello LowieSantiagoChile,Thank you for providing us with feedback on your stay. We are continually working to enhance the guest experience and will use your comments to do so. We hope to see you back next time you come to town.
	Bad: The hotel bathroom should be remodeled as the bathtub looks quite old. The drain gets clogged easily, and the basin tap handle looks like it is about to fall apart. No free WiFi. No fridge. And even no coffee-maker/kettle. Good: Good location with a few minutes walk to the Mob museum. The hotel is located in the heart of Fremont Experience. Both northbound and southbound bus stops are just beside the hotel building. Besides, the staffs are quite friendly. The buffet was satisfactory, and the price is cheap due to the 10 off for guests every meal.
	The room was nice although a little bit small. The employees were very nice. It was really nice to have snacks, sodas, coffee and water at all times. The price was really good realeated to the services. I definitely recommend it.Thank you for choosing the River Hotel and for your recommendation. I am happy to know you enjoyed the complimentary amenities as well as the staff services. Please come see us again!
	This unassuming hotel is well located for sightseeing, restaurants and views of the Chicago River and the river walk. The rooms are comfortable with basic amenities and free wi-fi but best suited for one person. A guest lounge on the second floor offers a large lobby, TV, computer terminals and an array of snacks, fruit, beverages. The highest praise is reserved for the front desk staff - Ramon and Diego were friendly and competent making restaurant suggestions that were delicious (Benny's Chop House).Dear Jeri G, thank you for taking the time to write a review and especially the kind words you had for Roman, Diego and the staff. There is nothing we love more than being able to share wonderful comments like yours with the staff and we will be sure the team sees it. We are so glad you choose The River Hotel for your first visit to Chicago as our prime location makes an ideal base for experiencing all the city has to offer. We look forward to welcoming you back soon!
	I can't say enough good things about this hotel. This was our second trip to Chicago, but our first at The River Hotel. The room was small, but the dcor and the view made up for it. The staff was very friendly, not a single person passed us without saying hello and asking us how we were. The concierge desk was fantastic! Tim was amazing, his recommendations were spot on, he helped us with directions, whether it was taking the train, a bus or walking. It was refreshing to have the help when you are travelling. Roman was also very helpful. We will definitely be staying here again.
	We stayed the weekend at the River Hotel and could not have been happier. The staff at the front desk was amazing. They provided us with coupons for a free appetizer or dessert at Lou Malnatis. They also provided some great recommendations for breakfast. The room was great. It was a little small but all Chicago rooms are small. It was clean and had a great view of the river and the Trump building across the river. The bed was comfortable. The location was close to all the downtown attractions with a big bus double decker bu stop right across the street.
	Overall I was quite pleased with the River Hotel. The location alone makes this hotel worth it. Its located right by the Chicago river 1 block from the Magnificent Mile. There is even a Double Decker trolly stop right near the hotel.The rooms were smaller then normal but there werent uncomfortably small. The bathroom was a decent size and the room had everything I could have wanted.Maid staff was fantastic and left extra towels as requested.Bella Bacino restuarant is located within the hotel and we had a fabulous Chicago style deep dish pizza there.My only concern with the hotel was its hard to see when driving down Wacker drive. Its well hidden. If you cross the Magnificent mile you have gone too far. As well when checking in we had reserved 3 rooms and they were showing a record of only 2 rooms. They did work towards figuring things out but it did take some time. Once we were given our rooms we were told we had 3 rooms with a queen size bed and a sleeper chair. Unfortunatly 2 of the rooms didnt have sleeper chairs so we had to go back to the front desk and be relocated again. It was a bit of a pain but nothing terrible. They did have a secured area on the 3rd floor to store luggage after checking out so that we could still tour the city.All in all a great expericen for the price.
	I have visited Chicago often in the past and always have booked a different hotel.I am glad I changed this time and booked The River Hotel in Chicago.I was pleasantly greeted by a clean crisp modern room that offered plenty of space. I must also add that this is a green Hotel with lots of Green features built in.Some of the details of our stay included:Security system that only allows guests of that floor to enter that floor.Purified water provided at each floor.A coffee pot in the main room.... Not in the bathroom.A refrigerator and microwave.Luxury comforter.Comfortable chair that folds out into single bed.A greeting welcoming us on the voice mail system. A greeting giving us details about Sunday and late checkout.Available Ipads for guest use.The toiletries/ shampoo / lotion is high quality.The staff was friendly on checkout and there were no extra charges.This hotel provides a great room at a good price.Give this hotel a try!
	We chose this hotel based on location and cost. Traditionally we prefer hotels that have more comfort and amenities. The Pros:Location (is really excellent)QuietFriendly staffTasty restaurant downstairsThe Cons:The bed/bedding not horrible, but I just couldn't get a good night's sleepOur room smelled faintly of smokeThe elevator took foreverIt was all really just 'good enough.' It was the location that mattered most in the end. It was very easy to walk to almost all of our sight seeing destinations.
	Beautiful art-deco building on the river with big rooms and a marvelous view at the rivers and skyscrapers -should ask at arrival room with view.
	So this hotel is pretty nice to look at, and the staff was very friendly, however, we entered the room (very small) and continued to look at the room. We lifted up the sheets and it was clean and mattress was clean, however in the box spring of the bed, there was a swarm of bed bugs that once we flashed the light on them they all dove into the box spring. We continued and the front desk and they upgraded our room, however due to our disgust we arranged a booking at the Hyatt Regency down the road which was beyond clean. Thank you Front desk for your efforts to accommodate, but we could not deal with the bed bugs in your hotel.Guest feedback is important to us and we take any comment regarding bedbugs seriously. We have a proactive pest elimination policy that includes regularly scheduled inspections by a professional pest control company. Additionally we have thoroughly trained all of our housekeeping associates to inspect our guest rooms for any signs of pest activity. If necessary, our pest control company conducts bed bug elimination procedures using the latest in pesticide technology.I encourage anyone with questions or comments regarding our pest control policy to contact me directly at 312.777.0805 . RespectfullyAnna HampsonHotel Manager - River Hotel
	I recently stayed at the Club Quarters while in Chicago for a family gathering. This hotel was a major disappointment for several reasons:1) They don't honor their commitments. I had reserved a room with a queen size bed through Expedia, but was given a room with two twin beds instead. The excuse: they ran out of bedspreads for queen size beds (how lame is that). 2) The elevator was unreliable. After checking in, myself and another guest were stuck on the first floor because of a malfunctioning card-reader in the elevator. The front desk staffperson fortunately was able to jiggle her card in a way that prompted the elevator to start moving. Not a good sign.3) The room reminded me of a depressing college dorm room. 4) The staff have no concept of customer service. On a prior visit, the staff were not willing to make any accomodations for a late checkout (even 15 minutes after the official checkout time - truly Kafkaesque). At checkout, no one has ever asked me whether I enjoyed my stay. Overall, the location is great, the rooms are clean and quiet, and all of the appliances work. But expect to be treated like a third-class citizen if you stay here.
	Just stayed one night but very happy. Nice, comfortable top floor room. Staff could not have been more helpful. Great location right by the Power Light district. Be prepared to pay for valet parking. Price of this was Offset though by free wine and cheese reception.
	Bad: It was hard to get into the parking area because of traffic (an event was going on) no coffee pot in the room. I like to sit and drink coffee for and hour or so before doing anything for the day. I'm not paying 3.00 per cup of coffee. Other than that it was ok. Good: It was a beautiful hotal
	We stayed in a small queen room for 2 nights. The room is small, but comfortable. I will say, however, that the bed is on the hard side and not the most comfortable. The sheets have a papery feel to them as well. But the pillows are fluffy. Not the typical hotel bed where you feel like you're sleeping on clouds, but it does the trick, I suppose. Still, all in all, the staff is friendly and the location is really convenient if you'll be spending time downtown. The room is quiet and the wifi is free. It's also affordable. Based on that, I recommend it.Dear Ann C,Thank you for your recommendation! We sincerely appreciate you taking the time to provide feedback about your recent experience.We look forward to welcoming you back in the future.
	Stayed with my family here and we loved its location and friendly customer services especially from the front desk (Pedro) and cleaning services. I would highly recommend it for business and leisure stay as it is centrally located, proximity to shopping malls, restaurants and the Millennium Park.
	This hotel is a Club Quarters hotel, which means that it is geared towards business travelers. Our room was small, but perfectly adequate since we weren't in Chicago to spend time in our hotel room. The hotel reminded me of a European hotel, especially since it's in an old building. The location is perfect right across the street from the River, near Michigan Ave. between the Magnificent Mile and the Loop. The hotel restaurant is surprisingly good, and makes the famous Chicago deep dish pizza. The couple at the table next to us were staying at the Fairmont and their concierge recommended it.
	The location is amazing... right on the river and within walking distance to tons of shops and restaurants. I had a great view of the river from the room!Having the water bottle filling stations was a great benefit. The staff were all friendly and helpful. The self checkout was a breeze!Hello Kathleen C,We are happy to hear our location suited you well during your trip. We are lucky to be located right in middle of the city close to everything. We pride ourselves on service and happy to hear we met our goal during your stay. We look forward to seeing you next time in town.
	This hotel is located across the river from the Trump Hotel which makes it walkable to Michigan Ave, Millenium Park and possibly even Navy Pier. Rooms are nice, sleek and clean but SMALL. How often have you stayed at a hotel and asked for a late checkout Has any hotel wanted to charge you for it Well, this hotel charges 35 for late checkout! We had a situation, where my mom, a senior, was traveling with me and was injured the nite of our stay at an outing. We ended up having to go the hospital emergency room and didn't return to our room until 3:00 am. When we woke at 11:00 am, we were hoping they'd allow us a late check out so we'd have time to get some food, especially since she is diabetic. The hotel would make no exception or allowance. We had to hurry and pack. We'd prefer to have eaten and then packed up. Because of this insensitivity I've had to lower the rating of the hotel.
	Best price hotel in the city! Great location, walking distances to everything! Staff was professional and friendly. If you needed something, they were on it! Our room was very modern, clean, and beds were comfortable. Very quiet for when you are ready to rest! Classy place.
	Fantastic location but for 200/night, I would have expected a larger room. My room was smaller than any hotel I've stayed at in NY, London or Hong Kong where rooms are notoriously small. There are many, many better options near the Mag Mile and in River North so look elsewhere.
	The staff, room, experience in Chicago for being the first time was great. I would do this again in a heart beat with my family or friends. research your plans before anything you do. Thanks for the help trip advisor also other websites.
	I really enjoyed my stay at The River Hotel! It had a great location. Our room overlooked the Chicago River and we were directly across from Trump Tower. Very cool. The hotel was also within walking distance to almost everything we wanted to do (Millenium Park, Shedd aquarium, the Field Museum, Magnificent Mile, food, etc.). One of my favorite features of the hotel was the free bottles of water. It was nice to grab a bottle and fill it up before heading out for the day. I will definitely be recommending this hotel to any friends traveling to Chicago!
	Stayed overnight on 4/23/16 with my sister at the hotel and was very pleasantly surprised! The hotel's location was great and the interiors were very stylish. My sister and I stayed in a room with a wonderful view of Trump Tower, Marina City, the Chicago's river and bridges. The room itself, although small, was clean and nicely decorated. Our room had twin beds that were firm but comfortable to sleep on. The hotel was perfect for our needs! We wanted a place to stay near the loop where we could make the most of our weekend downtown. Also, the staff was friendly and the customer service manager that assisted us, Pedro, was very helpful. We plan on coming again in the fall for another weekend downtown and will be staying there again.Dear 216jvs,Thank you for your detailed review of the River Hotel. I am so glad you found the room and staff services to your liking and you were able to enjoy your weekend from our ideal location in the heart of the city. Pedro is a great asset to our operation and I will make sure he sees your kind words.We look forward to welcoming you back in the fall!
	Bad: Nothing. Good: Location on Fremont
	Comfortable and clean rooms with a friendly staff. The hotel was very quiet - I heard very little noise from other guests. The amenities included complimentary bottled water near the elevators and snacks in the 2nd floor business center. The hotel's location is excellent and right on the river. I would stay there again without hesitation.Hello nchat1,Thank you for the kind words regarding your experience. We work hard to ensure our guests are happy and it clearly paid off! We look forward to having you back with us next time you come to Chicago!
	We brought our 6 year old granddaughter to Chicago with us. We have stayed at this hotel at least 6 times and have never been disappointed. The location is perfect for walking to many touristy spots. We even walked to and from union station. Thank you for staying with us recently and for your kind recommendation both are greatly appreciated! We are pleased to hear that you are a great fan of the River Hotel and delighted that your granddaughter had a wonderful stay. We agree -- our prime location in the heart of the city is perfect for experiencing all that Chicago has to offer.We look forward to welcome you back to the River Hotel very soon!
	We had a couple of days to spend in Chicago and wanted a hotel close to our car rental and to a train station, this place fit the bill. It's right in the middle of downtown Chicago and within walking distance to pretty much everything. It wasn't too cheap compared to normal hotels but all the other hotels close by were a lot more expensive so it felt like a good deal.It's a very simple lobby with just a couple of people in the reception and you could check in via a touch screen. There was a restaurant right next by but we didn't try it. There's plenty of restaurants and shops everywhere close by anyway.We ordered a room with two beds because of our kid and was expecting two beds close together, but we got a huge room which was pretty much two rooms in one with a hallway in between. It had two TVs and two bathrooms. I don't know if we just got lucky and got the biggest room they had for that price or if they're all like that. It was a great surprise for us and our kid could even play hide and seek with us!
	Upon arriving to our hotel we were greeted warmly by a friendly door man then proceed to check in where a friendly and helpful gentlemen named Tim took care of us at the desk and set us up with a spacious room with a spectacular view. The stay here really helped make our trip to Chicago amazing and very enjoyable. Tim and Devon were more than willing to help us with any questions we had about getting around the city, which was a very nice gesture you don't see often. Thank You to the staff, we will definetly return to see them again the next time we are in town.
	The building looks beautiful the lobby too. They upgraded me to a room with 2 bedrooms, 3 tvs and 2 baths! I was ecstatic at first. But more things wrong than I've ever encountered in 1 hotel room: 1. The a/c, even when set to 65, was warmish, and only blowed in the entryway, not in the bed area.2. The light next to the bed was linked to the entry light: if you wanted the bed light to work, you had to have that hall light on. If you turned that off, the bed light went off too.3. No ironing board!4. Nothing to put the soap on, just the bathroom counter. That's icky.5. The bedspread was cool looking, but not something I'd like to sit on or sleep under. But if I peeled that away there was just the sheet. 6. That entryway was dark, even with its one light turned on.7. The counter with the coffee machine was dark too, even with the light turned on.8. Get rid of coffee dispensed in those plastic cup thingies - so bad for the environment!I lost count after that, but you get the idea. All these things could be tweaked and it would be a good place.
	We were given rooms at this hotel on Hotwire. The location was great and the staff was very helpful and friendly, but our room and bathroom/shower were very small and the bed was hard as a rock. It seems standard these days that 1-bed rooms will be outfitted with a King bed and 2-bed rooms with 2 Queens or at least Doubles. Our room had a Queen bed which took up most of the room and my mom and brother's room had 2 Twins! The TV was extremely tiny compared to any other hotel I've stayed at and my 6'2 husband had a hard time taking in shower in the tiny space. Wouldn't stay here again due to the uncomfortable room.
	Stayed at Club Quarters Downtown in April. I was initially disappointed with the size/layout of my room, so went right back to the front desk to complain (rooms are small but clean and staff is helpful). Virginia, the gal at the desk apologized and instantly moved me to a room with a view of Chicago River. Since it was my first visit to Chicago I asked Virginia about things to do in the area. She inquired about my interests and 10 minutes later I had tickets for Wicked, one of the hottest shows in town, dinner reservations at Vivo, trendy Italian restaurant in the theater district. Next day Virginia suggested a trip to the Art Institute, only a 10 minute walk from the hotel! , walk in Lincoln Park and a very pleasant restaurant for dinner with live jazz . What a great city! I enjoyed my stay tremendously. Will be back, thanks again Virginia!
	Loved this hotel for its service, amenities, location (walking distance to everything), free wine hour, laundry room, the rooms were very clean, perfect size, comfortable bed. I would definitely stay here on my next visit.
	The rooms are small but well thought out. They are very cosy and comfortable. It is across from the Trump Towers and the river where you can get on a boat and go for a little cruise, the Big Bus company stops directly across the street from the hotel
	The room was small quite clean the staff very helpful. I would stay here again as the location is wonderful, the price is reasonable and room adequate. I don't spend much time in a hotel room so the lack of space was not a problem.
	Bad: Rooms small, air conditioning don't work!!.
	I was attending a conference at the River Hotel (January 30-31, 2016). This was purely business so I wanted to minimize my stress by staying at (or near) the conference location by being able to fly in, then shuttle to from O'Hare airport and yet have plenty of dining options within walking distance of the hotel. The River Hotel found me a small room for a VERY reasonable (unbelievable) rate. Yes, I have read the reviews about the small rooms. This one was small. There was one queen sized bed, a desk, a pull out work station, and a full (shower) bath. Period. No extras. Yet it met MY needs (listed above) and my usual criteria of CLEAN, COMFORTABLE, and SAFE. The staff was EXCELLENT. I received friendly, efficient 5 star service for a 3 star price - from every single employee shift - both day night. I received free bottled water from a water station in the hallway. The vending machines were reasonable. My 17th floor small room, overlooked the river, the Trump Tower, the River Walk, and the city lights and sounds only added to the ambiance. I took the elevator down, crossed the lobby, took another elevator up to the conference (the two elevators - activated only by your room key card - ensured that the guest rooms were secure from being accessed by non guests). Even the conference was well prepped and attended by the hotel staff with fresh coffee, tea, and complimentary sodas that were refreshed at every break. I could continue... But suffice it to say that I was IMPRESSED. YES. My room was small. However, the break in price was compensation for this and (since I was only needing work space sleep) I did not NEED more. That said, if I am ever in Chicago again - for work or vacation - I WILL be back. NOTE: The hotel has an on site Italian Restaurant called Bella Bacinos. I will review it separately. For now, suffice it to say the food was DELICIOUS, the service was also 5 star, and the price - while not as inexpensive as I am accustomed to - was as affordable (more so) than comparable places nearby. Just be aware that a small is a medium... a medium is a large... etc. Yum!Dear John S,Thank you for choosing the River Hotel and for your detailed review of your experience.We are so proud of our staff services as well as our prime location and are delighted you were pleased as well. There is nothing I like more than sharing great comments with the team and I will certainly pass along your kind words.We are beyond thrilled to know we are your hotel of choice when visiting Chicago. We will look forward to welcoming you back soon!
	So if you are going to Chicago to stay in your luxury hotel to be pampered with massages and 5 star room service- this is not your hotel. If you are going to Chicago to shop, sight see, or hit a few wonderful restaurants and want a clean, well maintained hotel where you can sleep peacefully- this is your place. The price is great for what you get. There are few frills, but the accommodations are very reasonable in terms of function and comfort. The perks:- Great location! Close to shopping, parks, restaurants, Navy Pier and most downtown sights.- In and out valet parking for a reasonable Chicago price (52/day). You can find cheaper parking nearby, but not with in and out options.- Complimentary ater bottles and purified water on all floors.-Lounge with complimentary snacks, coffee, tea, and soda open for much of the day.- Wine in the Lobby in the evening.- Responsive, kind staff.-Free high speed internet is high speed enough for most purposes.The less fabulous aspects:-Rooms are small or sparsely decorated. The rooms serve as a clean, functional space. There are no bathtubs, only showers. You get a a couch, TV, mini fridge and desk if you upgrade to a queen suite.-Matrresses are firm...not so firm those of us who prefer softer beds can not sleep, but firm.- Valet was understaffed for our visit with only one attendant even during busier times. It did take 20 minutes to get our car when requested.- The cable is not top quality and goes out or the stream gets paused often.
	The best thing about The River Hotel is the staff! They make you feel extremely welcome and that they cannot do enough to accommodate you. I was particularly impressed with Pedro on the front desk, who was cheerful and obliging, and a great ambassador for the hotel. The location is perfect, and the rooms both comfortable and private. Great value for money. I thoroughly recommend the hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.Dear azelinaf2017,Thank you for giving us a perfect rating and for recommending our hotel to other travelers. I'm sure our entire hotel staff enjoyed catering to your needs as much as you enjoyed your stay. Pedro is great and a big part of our team and I will be sure he sees your kind words. Thank you for taking the time to recognize him as you have.Please come see us again!
	Contemporary rooms in a great old building. Friendly staff, wonderful Italian restaurant right next door. Within short walking distance to so many great Chicago attractions. My new favorite hotel in Chicago!
	Great location (downtown, access to bus and Metro, shops, restaurants), Very good and friendly service, general comfort, I did benefit from a special price offer due to low attendance i guess.A few little things to be improved to me are the waiting time (up or down) at the elevator - one elevator only for the upper floors - Insulation in the room (Air, street noise) could be better too. But overall a good experience.
	We stayed at Club Quarters in December.We were in town for the weekend to see Wicked.Its a very nice hotel in a great location. We were one block off of Michigan Ave and about 5 blocks from the theater district.If you're looking for a high end hotel this is not the hotel for you Yes the rooms are small but how long are you really in your roomThe rooms were clean and thats really most important.When we arrived at 1230pm we were able to check in.We were told we could valet park for 36.00 or for 20.00 we could park for a 24 hour time limit in a parking garage right down the street.We opted for the 20.00 option. MAKE SURE YOU GET A TICKET!!!My husband did not get a ticket at the parking garage and when he inquired about it at the office in the parking garage the girl told him not to worry about it.Well on Sunday morning when he tried to get our car back it was an issue. You have to have a ticket to be able to get your car back. After about 15 minutes the issue was resolved and we got our car back.The entire staff was very helpful including the doorman. He was very helpful in getting us a cab. He ran down at least a block and flagged down a cab, he got in the cab with the driver and came back to the hotel so we could get our cab. It was a very nice thing to do considering the day we were there it was sleeting and raining and everyone in chicago was trying to get a cab at the same time.After reading all the bad reports on his hotel we were debating on switching to a different hotel.We never waited for an elevator, the rooms were clean, the location was great.Im glad we stayed here. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a resonable priced hotel near Michigan Ave.
	My experience in this hotel was perfect! Rooms are clean, well-appointed, not so big but privided of all comforts (Tv, coffee machine, bathroom, and free wifi). In each floor, near the lift, you can find a free water dispenser with new bottles and also some chocolates and candys. Every day at 5.00pm, in the lobby is arranged a complementary wine free for the hotel hosts. The hotel is very well mainteined and clean but the strenght point is the position in the city. It is located in the loop (the city center) on the river in front of the Trump tower. It is really close to millenium park and magnificent mile (two of the most touristics place in the city). Moreover the hotel is close (5-7minutes by walk) to the underground line for the O'Hare airport. The staff of the hotel is extremly avaible and ready to meet all you needs. I was in chicago for a business travel so i can't give you informations about costs because i didn't manage the booking of the hotel. Anyway, after my experience, absolutly, I would suggest this hotel for a pleasant and comfortable stay in chicago.Dear Concetta D,Thank you for choosing the River Hotel and for taking the time to provide a detailed review of your experience. We are thrilled to know you found everything to your liking. We really enjoy passing on comments such as yours to our colleagues and thanking them for their great guest service.We sincerely appreciate your recommendation!
	Great hotel nothing spectacular, the price is right, but the location was awesome. Right in the middle walking distance from everything!!
	Stayed for a weekend trip in Chicago. Hotel is in the perfect location in the city centre. Walking distance to Millennium Park. Great room - compl. upgraded was provided to us so we had 2 queen beds and 2 bathrooms so the room was very spaces and was always kept clean. Complimentary water bottles are refill stations on every floor as well as coffee on level 2. Staff is amazing and have great advice on restaurants and places to visit. Only issue with my room was that it looked out towards trump tower - not exactly what you want to wake up to each day.Hello Helen D,Thank you for choosing Chicago River Hotel during your recent travels. We are delighted to hear you enjoyed your complimentary upgrade and enjoyed the extra space. We are very lucky to be right in the middle of the city and within walking distance to all major attractions. We are also glad to hear you found the staff to be amazing as we pride ourselves on our service. We look forward to seeing you again next time you come to Chicago!
	Stayed here for one night passing through. We loved it. Room was nice and comfy! Great river view. Just ask for it. It's located in the heart of downtown so traffic is chaotic. Busy town. Parking is expensive. Self park is 24 in the public parking w/ validation around the corner from the hotel. Valid parking is 43. Everything is in walking distance so park the car and just walk. No point in driving. Ever been to Paris Kind of like that.
	Bad: Old, not many outlets. Good: Location and price.
	My boyfriend and I stayed here based on the reviews on this site, which I can usually depend on--and again, they were right!The hotel is very nice inside, the location is prime, and the staff is one of the Best we have ever encountered, and I have travelled worldwide. The rooms are smaller, but if you think about it, what is missing is the vast expanse between the side of the bed and the main window, and who uses that Anyway!Great things that made up for the smaller size (and my boyfriend is 6'2 and had No problem with the hotel at all!)are the small kitchenette, with coffee maker and supplies for morning java, the bathroom and it's nice shower, and the bed was very comfortable! Ask for a room higher up and enjoy the great view! We were not disturbed by any noises, nor elevator troubles, in the least. There is also a nice desk in the room, for your laptop. Once more, the staff here will do everything in their power to make your stay wonderful!We Will be going back ,and we will be staying at CQ! There is also a small cafe in front of the hotel that had a very good breakfast, and looked busy at night with casual cocktails and Italian food that looked great.Remember that you are not moving in for good, and once you get in the room, you will find you have all the space you need!
	The rooms are smallish but up-to-date. Very clean and sleek, two of us did not feel cramped. The hotel provides unlimited cold, filtered water and bottles for you to put the water in. They also have coffee, coffee maker, microwave and refrigerator. The views from the river view rooms are spectacular (we were on the 7th floor). Location is central. The staff is friendly and accomodating. The restaurant has a great mushroom with mozarella de bufalo and risotto appetizer. You really cannot ask for a better hotel!
	We stayed for two nights when we ran the RNR Half Marathon this past weekend. We were extremely satisfied about our stay. The room was clean, and we had the best view of the river! We cannot be more than happy with Tania at the front desk!! She was awesome, very helpful and accommodating. We will definitely stay here again.
	I am 71, have been travelling around the world all my life, and your hotel is the worst experience ever.My room has been booked through Booking.com for one month.I arrived Friday Sep 9th at 2.45 pm. I know that the check-in time is 3pm but no room was available and I had to wait till 3.15 !No luggage rack in this tiny room and I had to call three times before I got one (check the records of the Housekeepers phone)When I came back at 6 pm after having walked in the city, I wanted to take a shower. The water was cold (around 30 degrees Celsius ). The Housekeeper sent someone who was unable to fix that. So I went to the reception desk who gave me another room .The first room was on the 28th floor, the 2nd on the 4th so I had to repack and go from one room to the other 3 times THRU THE LOBBY, because the elevators are not the same . No one would ever propose to give me a hand !I gave two trousers to be washed and ironed. That was done at 8.30 and I was supposed to have them back by 6, that evening. Nothing. I had to claim them the following morning . That doesnt fit with what is written on the laundry service paper.This morning, I ordered black tea with milk in the Coffee Shop downstairs. The waitress brought me tea with bergamote, which is not a tea in which you can put milk. She had to go elsewhere to find the suitable breakfast tea, and I had to claim for sugar which was not on the table.
	1. I did not like the experience of dealing with the Expedia person who assisted with the reservation. 2. It was annoying to learn only while checking out that this is a time share hotel. No one told me. 3. The WIFI was slow, and unreliable, cutting out from time to time. Also, when it tried to upgrade to the offered higher speed WIFI, it was quite an ordeal that took about 90 minutes and a call to the help line at your WIFI vendor. BTW, you might try the user interface for that sign up - it exasperatingly erases all one's data entries if a single one of them is incorrect (eg if you generate an unacceptable password) 4. The Business Center has two PCs that are excruciatingly slow, and a printer as well that lumbers along. Old, slow, out of date. 5. The single bright light in this business experience is that the staff were unfailingly polite and did their best to help. I give them credit for trying, and for being nice to me.
	We like to have more than just a bedroom. This is a nice timeshare apartment. Near Union Square and Nob Hill.
	Good location, nice place.... but make sure to avoid the travel desk upon arrival, they only push (hard) to make you attending 2 hour presentation against free breakfast, selling or promoting Whyndham club . Guess the lady at the travel desk get a good commission for each person she signs up for this breakfast meeting, would not let us go unless we signed up on spot after arrival...tired and after a long day travelling it was quite annoying.
	Such a pleasant play to stay and enjoy SF
	Excellent location and very comfortable accommodations. Trader Joes was only a couple of blocks away, so it was easy to pick up a few staples for breakfast. This unit had a very efficient use of space for a family of four (two young adults). Plenty of good restaurants within walking distance. Definitely recommend this place, but we never answered the phone because we read the warnings about time share pestering.
	The hotel property and rooms were very clean. Rooms were very quiet. I would definite recommend this hotel for business travelers and pleasure travelers. The suite set up of the rooms are perfect for families.
	Bad: No business center..wifi wasnt free..it asked for ten bucks...the internet kiosk was 650 for 30 mins..but deducted 20 mins to print boarding passes and no shuttle to airport. Good: Location
	I will never stay here again and its a shame because the facility and location were very nice. I booked and paid in full via Hotels.com. When I arrived and checked in their system messed something up and had a missing day in the middle of our 4 night stay. After waiting at the counter for over 20 minutes while the attendant the manager finally came over and gave us keys and assured it is fine the rate is the same and enjoy the stay. On the way to the room we were greeted by a lady attempting to sell the time shares. The lady was EXTREMELY rude, when we declined the information she made snippy comments like well don't you want to finish checking in. That was her sales tactic but standing there with room keys in my hand and not being born yesterday it was apparent she had nothing to do with us checking in. She also tried to bribe us with chocolate which was very juvenile. During check out and they told me I had a balance. I had to show them the paid in full email and remind them of what I was told when checking in. After going back and forth with the manager she is now going to call Hotels.com to resolve which she should have done in the beginning. The rooms were nice and location was fantastic but its a shame the desk staff doesn't have a clue, I will not be returning to this chain and also will push my friends and family to avoid it as well.
	We loved our room at Wyndham Canterbury! It included a small kitchenette with a dining table, a sitting area, and a separate bedroom. While there were only two of us, we certainly enjoyed the extra space. This would be a great place for a small family! And it's only a couple blocks to Union Square.Good Morning JudyZ24,We appreciate the time to comment on your stay with us. I was happy to read that you enjoyed your room and the amenities that we provided during your stay. We hope that you will come back to stay with us again soon.Regards,Matthew JonesGeneral ManagerWyndham Canterbury at San Francisco
	Comfortable Clean If the Internet connection got 10 better It would have sucked!
	My complaint is that after you check in, they take you over to their concierge desk and proceed to try and sell you on a time share meeting. And hey, if you want to pay for a room and then spend two hours of your time at a time share meeting, more power to you. I don't. And I tried to be polite about it, because I believe in treating people in the service industry as you want to be treated. I understood it was part of her job and politely told her that I wasn't interested. And the first lady seemed cool about it. Then what seemed to be her supervisor came over and offered me free stuff to go to the meeting. I still said no. She proceeded to get really patronizing. By the fifth time I'm saying no, I start to not feel so polite. And when the same woman calls me up the next night in my room to try and pressure me again into going to this meeting, I just had no patience for it. I loved the room. I loved the size and the cleanliness. I hated that they repeatedly badgered me about a stupid time share meeting. I didn't pay for a hotel room to be pressured to buy a time share. If it hadn't been for that, I'd have had no problem being a repeat customer. I don't like being pressured into something I say no to. And now, a month later, I just got a call from the hotel group, again trying to get me to go to a time share meeting. Luckily, the guy was way more understanding and only made me say no once.
	This hotel or what they call themselves motel poses an excellent location in the downtown , with fair value you will not find competitive hotel has the same or near value , free parking is a big bonus, Staff are very polite and treat you as family member
	I stayed at this Motel 6, 311 Courtland St NE, Atlanta, GA, in August last year for a conference my job would not fund. I was totally on my own dime and so needed to economize. What a great deal this place was! The conference hotel was the Hilton literally next door, and those poor schmucks over there were paying over three times what I paid! For the same location! My room at the Motel 6 was clean, the bed was comfortable, the parking was FREE, AND I had a small balcony off my room on the 2nd floor! The staff was nice - what I saw of them. Granted, the staff at Motel 6 is small - there is no room service, no restaurant, and no bar at Motel 6. But they have all that at the Hilton next door and all over downtown Atlanta so Motel 6 doesn't need it!!! I will stay at this Motel 6 every time I have to go to Atlanta from now on. The location is perfect. I felt as safe as anywhere else I have stayed in Atlanta. What a sweet deal!
	This place is as basic an accommodation as you can get in downtown Atlanta while still being suitable. Yes there is free parking but this place is so cheap that they don't even give you free shampoo in the bathroom - just two little bars of facial soap. Place isn't in the greatest area (downtown Atlanta is kind of sketchy at night) but is centrally located. For a healthy restaurant nearby I recommend Metrofresh - it's less than a ten minute drive and totally worth it! Basic cheap motel quality beds, old TVs, frustrating elevator that takes forever to close and absolutely NO FRILLS. Got it for 53/night using a coupon code on the Motel6 website.
	I stay in a lot of Motel 6s and have been satisfied with just about all of them I've tried. This one is a notch above the typical Motel 6. The location is great -- I walked to World of Coca-Cola and some good restaurants -- and the free parking helps make it a real bargain. The place is clean and well maintained and t staff was pleasant and helpful. I walked both day and night and never felt in danger though I did have to deal with a couple of panhandlers. No surprise there.
	Somehow my booking.com reservation have not reached the hotel so had to wait about half an hour while it was submitted again. Room spacious and clean, heater efficient but pretty noisy, noise from corridor is also thereService could be better - at 0130 at night got a phone call from night manager to immediately re-park the car (evening manager allowed the parking at particular slot). It was outrageousWifi was great and coffee available. For very reasonable price and 1 night stay you can't wish for better
	I stayed here for AmericasMart was excited about the fresh paint cleanliness of my room. However, between the hours of 2-5 the front desk staff were incredibly noisy EVERY day (I was here for a week). It was very frustrating. It is more expensive for a Motel 6, but again, the location is great.
	Bad: I was in room 314, and its very noisy at night with the street ambiance, so dont expect to sleep before 2AM. I had to take my breakfast to adjacent hotels as continental / seated proper breakfast was not available (or couldnt find it...). Good: The bed was confortable and the location is just amazing on Fremont street.
	I booked my reservation on Motel 6's website. Upon arriving I requested to see my room before checking in. The hotel clerk refused my request and stated that it is the companys policy NOT to allow a person to see a room until after checking in first. (This should have been my first clue to leave.) The hotel clerk stated that after I have checked in that I could inspect the room. Furthermore, the hotel clerk stated that if the room was not satisfactory that I could leave without being charged. Both the room and the building were not satisfactory. It was 90 degrees in Atlanta on my visit and my room as well as the hallway in the building was hot and was not as comfortable as it should have been. The ice machine in the building hallway was in desperate need of repair because it was making an extremely loud humming sound that could be hear all the way down the corridor. The sheets on the bed needed to be changed. The hotel clerk refused to change the sheets and stated that if I wanted them changed that I had to remove the sheets myself. I have never heard of such nonsense. Lastly, the amount of money that the hotel wanted to charge me was 18.00 higher than the amount I was quoted when I made my reservation. Thus, with the bad conditions as well as the bad attitude of the staff, I left Motel 6 the SAME DAY and checked into the Marriott for just 7.00 more than what Motel 6 was charging per night. However, the Marriott gave me a free breakfast each morning compared to Motel 6 only serving coffee.The Motel 6 hotel clerk did not refund me the full amount of the charge to my credit card account. My credit card was charged for one night's stay. I wanted to get out of there so badly that I did not argue with the hotel clerk. I just disputed the charge with my credit card company and received an instant refund. So for the reasons cited above is why I would not recommend this hotel.
	Me and my partner stayed at the Motel 6 Downtown Atlanta beginning of september 2015. We were visiting Atlanta for a couple days as we were on route to Fort Lauderdale and slept 2 night at the Motel 6.The Motel 6 is excellent value for money! Rooms are clean with a nice bathroom. Our room also had a small balcony where you can relax in the morning and evenings when it is not to hot outside...Check in staff was very polite and check in went very smooth. Also a plus is that you can get free coffee at the reception area every morning from about 7am. That is very easy when you arrive 'jet laged' from Europe and wake up much to early each morning -)Location of the Motel 6 is perfect because you can do all the tourist places like the Coca Cola museum, the Olypic parc etc by foot.They also have a car park at site at no extra cost, so that was also very easy to park our rental car there.Overal the Motel 6 downtown is a basic but very good motel in downtown Atlanta with clean rooms and friendly staff. I will surely stay here again when visiting Atlanta!
	Adrianna was ghetto. Jay was trying to be professional in his t-shirt and jeans, even trying to correct my English. I've stayed at this property several times and was pleasantly satisfied. I simply needed a place to sleep, wash, and change for conferences that keep me out of the room more than in. Unfortunately, this session was horrible. I'm currently on the line with customer service seeking resolution. Again, before this stay I've never had these concerns. (Side note: the rate was higher than I've ever paid this time. I would think they customer service would match). Jay told a lie to the customer service agent and said he gave me time to make arrangements. He said he could lie because I lied on his front desk agent I simply shared how she acted.Mu, Thank you for sharing your concerns. Please know the service issues you describe are an exception to our guest commitment, and as such, we apologize. Our staff aims to provide the highest level of hospitality to our guests through our customer service, but with your experience, we have fallen short and would like to apologize for the service issues you describe. We invite you to contact our Guest Relations at 1-855-787-9864 to record the details of your visit to help us provide a better guest experience in the future.
	Stayed two nights, was greeted by Ben who was very helpful throughout our meetings during our stay, nicest hotel staff we had on our 2 week trip. The room has been refurbished but it's lacking coffee in the room, it's available by the front desk though. Nothing against the hotel (it's next to a Hilton who would have the same issue) but there are a lot of homeless in the area although they generally didn't cause much issue. It was noted the expensive hotels seem to have walkways above the pavements to avoid the riffraff, although I didn't really like the idea of rising above everyone else to be honest. Only a 5 min walk to Marta stations and downtown areas, 10 mins to the Olympic park area.
	The rooms are actually really nice and updated. The common areas are older and outdated, but rooms are surprisingly nice. Motel 6 immediately next door to Hilton and Marriott Marquis, but a third the price.Nice new fridge and microwave in room. My dog was allowed at no extra cost. Room was quiet. Couldn't hear hallway noise. If you don't mind missing the extra common area atmosphere, swimming pool, pricey restaurants, etc and just want a clean safe modern room with all the necessary amenities and free parking, come here. Free parking in downtown Atlanta is unheard of. Gave cleanliness a 4 cuz comforter smelled musty, but everything else was perfect. Overall a 4 cuz of no extras besides the nice room and free parking.
	Spent the night here with spouse. Check-in was friendly and fast. Free parking if you have a car and free airport shuttle if you fly. Rooms are spacious and nicely decorated. Very comfortable beds with nice linens. Bath amenities in shower are in dispensers. Soap bars at sink. Great shower head! Single-serve coffee maker, hair dryer, free long distance calls... More
	I cannot recall the last time I had an issue at a Drury Inn. Well, we did not have one at this location. The room was comfortable, the staff was attentive and helpful, and it was nicely priced more importantly, we got the last available room for the evening. Next, their complimentary breakfast was good, as well as their late afternoon meal from 5 PM 7 PM. Also, you have to have a key card to access their customer parking area. It was a nice feature which prevents people with ill intentions from driving around scoping out the scene.
	I was looking for a place to stay near the airport and park my car for the duration of our trip. Drury Inn was a great place to stay. I parked for free for a week. The bed was probably the most comfortable hotel bed I've slept on!Thank you for your stay and kind words. We are happy you enjoyed our stay and fly package. We recently replaced our mattresses during our renovation and have enjoyed very good feedback. I need to try and get one for my house. Thank you for your business and we look forward to serving you in the future! Kind regards,Eric Gray
	Got a king room for special rate. Had late flight in so unable to comment on evening snacks and drinks. Breakfast was good. Room was nice and clean, however, would not stay here if not for the special rate received.
	Great hotel and grounds and easy drive from the airport. One of the nicest hotel chains I have stayed in for this price range.
	Bad: Main Street Station recently implemented paid parking (I stayed last week and it was still free). Although parking is free for hotel guests, they have not worked the kinks out of the system. We almost missed our flight due to being unable to leave the lot. Security had to be called and that person told us that there have been a large number of similar episodes. They need to FIX this!. Good: Everything EXCEPT the parking.
	We spent 1 night here before a flight out of Atlanta.Pros:Super friendly staff. When we checked in the lady in reception was immediately welcoming and happy to answer my questions. Then the guy that shuttled us to the airport the next morning was just as friendly. In fact he got off the bus at the airport to unload our luggage and explained step-by-step how to get to the international terminal. Great staff!Breakfast: awesome! Sausage and eggs were delicious. They had so many choices!Room: huge room with great a/c. Two tvs and plenty of storage space. There was some dried soap on the shower wall that probably should have been cleaned before we checked in, but it's just soap, so no big deal. Also worth noting: I never heard an airplane during the night. I was worried that staying so close to the airport would be loud, but it wasn't at all. Park fly parking area is closed off and well-lit. Hopefully my car is safe. If not I'll edit this review to reflect any issues. Cons:We had an issue with the plumbing in our room. We were only there from 8 pm to 6 am so I can't say whether this was ongoing or resolved, but the toilet didn't flush well. Like it was almost backed up, but it would still flush a little. Also, it would be great if the hotel had a luggage scale. I would definitely stay here again! Con
	Its an older hotel and the room was darker and smaller than expected. The breakfast provided was very nice and they made upgrades to the bathroom. Overall basic and okay place to stay just no visual thrills or excitement. Located directly across from the airport so it is super convenient for air travel.
	Stayed at this hotel with their package deal of renting a room and leaving your car in the parking lot for a price of 159.99 while you fly away. Car was broken into and they refuse to pay for the damages. No responsibility. do not stay here do not trust them.Thank you for your response. Unfortunately, the airport market has had a recent wave of car vandalism. With the help of police and third party security monitoring our parking lot, we fortunately have been able to stop these car break-ins. We understand how frustrating this situation is and again would like to extend our apologies. We want you to know that we will continue to work with local police to ensure our hotel, parking lot and city are safe.
	We arrived in Atlanta on a Saturday around 9pm for a one night stay during a cross country trip. We had two rooms booked and called ahead a few days prior to specifically request connecting rooms. The front desk clerk was a very nice lady. For some reason the note about connecting rooms wasn't in the reservation. The clerk apologized... More
	Stopped here for an overnight traveling through Atlanta. The desk clerks at night were excellent. I had a problem turning my TV on - the lady at the desk came to my room to set it up. Sign in the lobby indicates they are going to start renovations soon-which are much needed - hotel was dated.
	We stayed for one night while passing through on the way to Florida. What a great experience! The staff was so friendly and welcoming, the rooms are comfortable, beautiful and clean. My daughter loved the pool, and it was kept up nicely. Not having to leave for dinner or breakfast was a huge plus. All the guests we met while there had smiles on their faces, I'm sure it was because of the great atmosphere Drury staff created.
	My Dad and I stayed here for two nights while visiting Atlanta for the Chick Fil-A kickoff game between Louisville and Auburn. It was good value for money, with a spacious and comfortable room that was in great shape. The bathroom was spotless and seemed new. Even on the fifth floor, the noise from breakfast diners begins at 7:00 AM... More
	Im not sure if Ill be other reviewers are used to sleeping in tents, because I dont understand why it would be so great about this place. It has a feeling of age about it, like it was built 30 years ago and trying to look modern but failing.While Ive stayed in the worse hotel rooms, theres certainly nothing distinctive for attractive about this place. Frankly, my wife and I were thinking that we wouldve been better off just trying to sleep at the airport terminal then spend the night here.Thank you for taking the time to provide us feedback about your stay! I am sorry that you were not impressed with our facilities. We just had our exterior renovated in April 2018 and we look forward to getting an interior refresh soon. We like to think that so many of our guests give us great reviews because of our exemplary service. If your travels ever bring you to Atlanta again, we would love to have you back as our guest.Warm Regards,Justina H.General Manager
	My stay at the Drury Inn, Atlanta was most enjoyable. The staff was quite courteous, polite and accomadating. The food was good and the hotel was very clean. I will be recommending to family and friends. I will be seeking out other Drury locations. Job well done.!!!!
	The rooms were clean and beds extremely comfortable. Hot breakfast and dinner every day....dinner consisted of baked potato, cheddar cheese sause, hot dogs, salad and carrots, celery sticks every night. In addition, each night, there was at least one or more additional items - nachos/chicken tenders/etc. We arrived early in the morning and they were able to give us our room which was extremely nice. Staff was EXCELLENT. Every staff member we came in contact with was extremely helpful and friendly. Shuttle was efficient - ran every half hour.Only negativesThe pool was ok...a little smaller than pictured and chilly but the room was heated and the indoor/outdoor feature was nice. On the sunny days, outside pool was nice. The room had a desk, reclining chair and two dressers. Would have preferred a table with chairs over the 2nd dresser so we could play games in the room. Not a real problem....we just went to the lobby and used the tables there. Biggest complaint was with Travelocity. They were supposed to reserve a double bed room and booked us into a single king. My grandson was coming up for the weekend from his military base so it presented a little bit of a problem for one night. Their comment was they couldn't guarantee the room and we would just have to see if we could talk to the front desk. There were several soccer ball teams here when we checked in so there were no roll-away beds. We made do but it would have been better if they had made the reservation correctly to begin with. Will not book through them again.Overall...excellent experience. Even though there were several high school aged groups who were there during our stay...room was very quiet and no complaints with noise and everything was clean and well stocked.
	Bad: none.
	As said in the title, I don't have a single negative thing to say about this hotel. Every member of the staff was as nice as can possibly be, rooms are nice housekeeping does a great job, and the complimentary breakfast AND dinner were delicious. Not to mention the complimentary dinner includes (3) drinks. Great location right by the airport easy in easy out, and there are some great restaurants within walking distance.
	we have stayed at the drury near the Atlanta airport for the last 3 years. great accomodations, friendly staff, affordable, clean, ample parking, etc. very family friendly. will continue to stay here when I have to go to Atlanta
	After an unexpected overnight delay at the Atlanta airport, I was greeted by friendly staff, a clean room and comfy bed! Would absolutely stay here again! The shuttle service was timely and the driver friendly and helpful!
	The hotel is not bad. Staff is friendly. We have stayed at several times. This year we purchased park and fly package and left our car there while away on vacation. We returned to the hotel to find the vehicle had been broken into. The driver's side window had been shattered and someone tried to rip the door handle off. The hotel did cover the hole. We had to find a vacumn and vacumn the vehicle. Hotel did not offer. Had to drive 5 hours home without window through cold temperatures and some rain. They did call the police department. They came out took pictures etc. hotel apologized and refunded our room for the one night park and fly. Needless to say we will not be staying here again. We appreciate hearing from our guests and thank you for your feedback. We were very disappointed to hear your car was broken into while in our gated parking lot and understand how frustrating this is. Unfortunately, there has been a recent wave of car break-ins around the airport, affecting a number of hotels in the area. In the case of a car break-in, we contact and hand over to the local police department for further investigation. Fortunately with the help of local police and third party security monitoring our parking lot, we have been able to stop the vandalism. We work diligently to create a safe environment for our guests and will continue to work with local police to ensure our hotel, parking lot and city are safe. We offer our sincerest apologies and are glad we had a chance to discuss the situation with you directly. If you have any further questions or concerns, please let us know and we are happy to be of assistance.
	My Dad and I stayed here for two nights while visiting Atlanta for the Chick Fil-A kickoff game between Louisville and Auburn. It was good value for money, with a spacious and comfortable room that was in great shape. The bathroom was spotless and seemed new. Even on the fifth floor, the noise from breakfast diners begins at 7:00 AM and is rather loud in rooms near the atrium, so if you want more quiet, request a room further away.
	The staff are not only well trained, they are well hired. In other words, the people the employees are a match for the Drury brand, as their personalities are what I want to see in a hotel. They are friendly, but not cold and 'all business.' These folks have a big job, as for many they offer the first impression... More
	First I want to say we had amazing customer service! They let us check in our bags early, the maid service was great (we tip them, you should too!) the shuttle was on time to the airport and the driver helped us with our bags (tip him too!)However, the heated indoor pool was not on. This is my main reason for choosing Drury, since I have children who love to swim. We were disappointed. The food, another reason we choose Drury, was not edible. There was popcorn made once a day, around 10 am, and there it sat all day. I will stay at Drury again, but not this one!
	Stayed in this hotel last week. The manager and staff were very nice and friendly. The room was clean (even behind stuff), the bed was comfortable, and it was quiet. The hotel offered lots of extras for free such as free hot breakfast, drinks in the evening, hot dinner, and long distance calls. While the food was bland and tastelss, it was there for anyone that did not want to go out for decent tasting food. The bartender poured good drinks and it was a good opportunity to meet some of the other hotel guests and the hotel staff. The manager made it a point to stop at tables and talk to guests and get to know them. All-in-all it was an excellent stay and very good value! The only item that could be considered a complaint was that even with the heat off my room was hot. I had to turn the AC on to get a comfortable temp.
	I don't understand how this hotel is getting such good reviews.Let me just say, we couldn't wait to get out of here and preferred to wait hours in the airport to staying in the hotel.I did feel sorry for the check in girl. She was alone and it was very busy, but she was very polite and nice.
	We love Drury Inns and were pleased with our stay in Atlanta. The staff was friendly and the rooms were clean, and spacious. Breakfast, though crowded this day, was good and well stocked. One employee was even helping people make waffles. We were also pleased that we could park for up to 7 days for free (subject to available space). We only had to fill out a form, which did clearly state that the hotel is not liable for any damages. That seemed fair enough, and we had no problems with our car while it was parked at the hotel for 3 nights. The location was very convenient to the airport (right off I-85) and the free shuttle service brought us right back to the hotel in minutes.
	Bad: Th e food wasnt that good. Good: The breakfast buffett was good, the other 2 restaurants were just fair, in fact in one of them I got sick with the food.
	We stayed July 11, 2005. Room 627. Room was in terrible shape: cigarette burns in the carpet, upholstered chair looked so worn it was dirty. We shut the window curtain only to be faced with a large cockroach. Sixth floor, no less. Called front desk: We're completely booked tonight or I would move you to another room. Maintenance is gone for the day, so I'll try to get up in 10 minutes. 45 minutes later I went downstairs. Two people were at the desk checking in another party. I voiced my complaint and was told they were busy with a customer. I replied that I thought I was a customer too, only to be told: Have a nice night. Last time for us at a Drury.
	We evacuated to this hotel ahead of Hurrican Irma from Florida. The staff couldn't have been nicer or friendlier. Decor not much, but decent size room. The 4-star rating is for the staff and extra's. They have nice amenities--indoor/outdoor pool, small fitness room, but very nice and accommodating hot breakfast (free) AND free Happy Hour with 3 drinks each AND hot and cold appetizer buffet, which was enough to eat as dinner. There was nice green, tossed ( fresh) salad, soup, chili, hot dog bar, nacho bar, Italian pasta, chicken fingers, cheese, fruit, and one to two other items I do not remember. What I ate was good--did not try chicken fingers. Thought it was a nice extra for what you would normally pay for a hotel.
	My family and I decided to stay overnight before our departure to Jamaica. We live about 50 miles from the airport so we could have driven to the airport. We decided to take off the stress of getting our teens up early and rushing through morning traffic. The rooms were clean and spacious and cocktail hour was enjoyable. The morning of our departure we had a quick breakfast in the lobby and a shuttle service was arranged to take us to the airport. We made the right decision to stay at the Drury Inn.
	On a two day layover to see my grandkids I stayed here in one of the King suites. I had originally booked a different cheaper hotel (Country Inn) but when I walked in to check on the rooms I decided to look for something else that also had an indoor pool since the CI suites had no window in the Living area. The space there was also very small. I am so glad that I then found the Drury Inn!! The atmosphere in the hotel was perfect for us. Friendly staff!! Yes the rooms were older but they are well equipped, very large and very comfortable. They are not at all nasty in any way so I do not understand the complaints from others. For the price you just cannot beat this hotel!! Lots of food - breakfast with lots of choices, snack in the afternoon (popcorn and free soda) and a food bar in the evening including FREE drinks. Simple foods but VERY acceptable! WE ALL HAD A FUN TIME HERE. The tween grandids really enjoyed the HEATED POOL. This was also a convenient enough location to make a midday trip to the fabulous Aquarium too. We did have a problem with our neighbor smoking in their room although this is clearly stated on signes throughout the hotel that this is a NON SMOKING HOTEL . Since the vents are connected in the rooms we were smelling the smoke. Both the grandkids are allergic to smoke and it really hurts my sinuses too. The staff moved us to our choice of a new room (not sure why the exhaust vents in hotels are now connected but just saw that in a Hilton I stayed in recently too). I will certainly stay here again on a quick layover to Atlanta. + FREE PARKING and FREE WIFI too!
	I stayed at this hotel in September 2012 for five nights at the end of my six week honeymoon in North and South America. I know you get what you pay for however, this hotel was a complete dissapointment and a sour end to an amazing holiday. It's on the border of the tenderloin district which is known as the... More
	Staff replaced key card when we lost the original set. A little tricky to find the hotel, but very clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the continental breakfast buffet was very good. Only con was that the furniture was a little scuffed.
	The hotel was close to my family who we were visiting. The staff were outstanding.
	Good price for location - a Midway airport hotel. At about 3 miles distant, it's about 1 mile farther out than the main 'hotel row' but still close to all the amenities - restauarants, grocery stores, etc.The hotel was showing its age a little but was comfortable, quiet and adequate. No complaints. Nothng to write home about either.
	Front desk was not helpful. Never told me breakfast was free in resturant. I found this out the second night I was there when a different person was at the desk. Dead bolt did not work but someone did fix it.
	Just stayed overnight enroute to my daughters college campus . But the room was v clean well stocked , with an attentive room service lady . V comfortable . Neighborhood I was not sure about --was told it was safer to stay in after hours !
	Good: The rooms were very comfortable, clean, and well maintained
	Since I was meeting a friend coming in at Midway, and being able to shop at the mall right next door, and eat at an IHOP, also right next door in that mall... Everything to make that weekend easy and fun was close at hand.Plus I had to remind myself where I was when I woke up each morning, because the bed was firm, like my own bed at home, so I was very comfortable.
	The staff was very professional and Helpful I loved the restaurant....and the free shuttle service....And we did tip the driver........a wonderful place to stay for early morning flights out of Midway.
	There was no guide in the room (the book that outlines amenities, important locations, area restaurants, etc) and I found the wireless to be quite slow. The bed was very comfortable and the room was very clean. Breakfast was tasty.
	Love the stay..got off to a rocky start. .doing renovations on 2nd floor. Major problem...but told staff and the accommodations were fantastic...5th floor suite stay from there... I also stayed an extra 2 days just bc of the staff...would recommend this suite to anyone
	Very nice
	I booked a non smoking and at check in we were told that if there is any smoking in the room it is a $200 charge. As soon as we walked into the room you could smell the smoke from someone prior. I alerted the front desk and was offered to have someone spray the room. what good does that do.
	Met our expectations.
	It was a short trip, but made very comfortable by the clean room, free breakfast, large breakfast room and the free shuttle to Midway Airport.
	Clean room. Housekeeping started cleaning at 6:00 AM.
	Although the hotel was close to MDW, the hotel was pretty old. The carpet in our room was pretty bad, it was sticky and needed immediate replacement. The furniture had seen better days. I didn't think it was worth the money we paid. The hotel certainly needs TLC in many areas to keep it competitive. They were charging 8.50 for breakfast. They could have included that in the price we paid for the room. That is not a big deal but the carpet is. The noise level was also high as it is right next to the main thoroughfare.
	We booked a 3 night stay at Rancho Valencia to play some tennis, since it is one of the highest rated tennis resorts in America. This place is really over the top from a luxury standpoint and overall experience. The villas are really perfect, the staff is great, attention to details (includes fresh squeezed orange juice each morning), restaurants, bar and room service amazing, and the tennis program was really impressive as well. We will want to come back here again.
	Everything was sold out in State College for Garth's concerts and the Inn came up as available...what an amazing find!! I'll be making the drive now each visit, just to stay there! The Inn is wonderfully decorated and I so enjoyed browsing all the books. Breakfast was amazing each morning. Thank you Stephanie and team!!
	Bad: There's nothing not to like here. Though the maid service was good but they are kind of early to knock at the door for cleaning service. They're there at 8am and we were still in dreamland that we were forced to get up and open the door to talk to them to clean later. Good: We love our very spacious room though we didn't have a single king sized bed. They gave us twin beds but it's fine. The Garden court buffet was also great! It was very affordable. We almost eat there everyday because of its price. Please keep it that way.
	Was a nice hotel for the area, not too loud even though on a busy street.
	Not a 3 star more like 2 star. Small room no fridge or micro. Old style room.
	Check-in was a breeze, room was great and we loved the pillows. Close to the aiport and a good rate per night.
	WiFi was not any good. Everything else, was enough for the price.
	This is a basic hotel near the airport. It is not fancy but is not dirty or run down.
	Good location - close to shopping and airport. Comfortable and clean enough, but does need renovation. Good value for the price.
	It was very easy to reach the airport with free transportation and a on site restaurant to get a quick meal early in the am.i
	Close to Midway airport, great shuttle service, good interiors for the price. Would readily stay again.
	Bad: Mattresses too hard, carpet on lobby too old. Good: Locarion
	Darkness of room in Daylight Great simple breakfast and location for South Beach, pleasant approachable Host
	Bad: The airconditioner in the room did not work, and it made a very loud sound all night. We told the front desk and they were able to fix it for the next night stay. It's understandable because the hotel itself is very old. We would probably stay in a different hotel when we go back. Good: Staff was very helpful and nice. Tony Romo's restaurant was very good.
	Good: The worst customer service I ever had. In life. The front dest worker was very disrespectful unhelpful. He actually was yelling at me I had to call booking .com
	Bad: Breakfast is exactly the same every day and if you spend there 3 or more days you need a little wider choice. Good: The hotel has an excellent location, and is in walking distance from the beach. The staff is kind, the room is fine and clean, the coffee is good, considering the prices this is a good choice. You can find nice restaurants nearby, shops and bars too.
	Good: Wonderful location. Fantastic staff. Beautiful Art Deco building.
	Bad: The staff wasn't very friendly and the carpeting in hallway was creepy and looked dirty. Good: Located on a quiet street
	The staff was really nice they allowed me to early check in and also to leave my bags after stay. Very professional and friendly
	Bad: Not the most modern. Could stand upgrading. Good: Close to the beach. Quiet
	Bad: I didn't like the fact that we only stayed for one night. Good: Fabulous boutique hotel. Great location. Lovely complimentary breakfast. Will return.
	Good: James an Mike were great.....they gave me everything I needed an made me feel very comfortable. The lady that served breakfast was very nice also .Very clean....I will stay there again......5 min. walk to the beach w/ a beautiful park on the way.
	Loved the steam shower! Luxurious!
	Bad: We had a bit of a problem with our keycards but the staff was so friendly and helpful. Good: The staff was very pleasant. The room was very clean and comfortable and the shower was AMAZING! Great location also. Walking distance to Ocean Drive and Collins Avenue. Would definitely stay here again!
	Bad: Bed was not comfortable - they need to replace the mattress. Good: Room was clean.
	cant think of anything Location, helpful staff, quiet room, good beds, wifi and breakfast.
	Bad: Breakfast was not enough. Hidden fee for parking. Hidden fee of 20 for taxes not included. Good: Great location. Clean rooms. Great value for money.
	Bad: The room was run down and would require to be renewed. Breakfast is very basic. There is no lift in the hotel. Good: Location is good. Room was spacious and had a comfortable bed.
	Bad: Room was a little small but cozy. The cleaning maids were very loud and woke me up in the morning. Could be more respectful of people's sleep. Good: Staff was friendly and helpful. Shower had a modern feel and steam feature.
	Bad: I really do not know how this hotel has an 8.3 rating. Room is not like the pictures. Very noisy cleanning staff. Parking is not included as the listing says. You have to pay additional fees at the hotel. Definetely, not going back. Good: The receptionist was friendly. You can get some coffe in the back.
	The staff was so kind, everywhere was so clean, and good location
	Bad: Access to parking challenging. The hint of disinfectant in the lobby is not inviting. Good: Well located, friendly staff, quiet and clean, all at an affordable price. I'd stay again.
	Bad: At the arrival, we paid the parking fee in cash (43) and the rest of the amount for two nights stay with a credit card. Checking the transactions during the last couple of days we realized that the parking fee has been charged on the credit card TOO. We asked for an explanation and have not received any answer at all. It's simply unacceptable. The room furniture is old, need a renovation. The space around all windows - both in the room and the shower - and the windows themselves were very dirty. Basically no choice for breakfast - consisted of two types of cereal, boiled eggs, white and whole grain bread. Good: Coffee machine available at all the time free.
	Bad: Carpet was dirty and old . Good: Location
	Bad: The day shift wouldn't believe me that something was wrong with the room door lock and made me re-key. Then, they sent the cleaning staff to 'open my door for me' only to discover that the electronic key system won't work if the batteries in the lock haven't been replaced. Lastly, I never could figure out how to make the steam shower work, but after the episode with the door I decided it wasn't worth asking. Good: The night shift desk was helpful and once she realized she'd made a mistake, she went about solving the problem as quickly as she could. I was still locked out of my room for 30 to 45 minutes.
	Bad: The entire place smells like an ashtray. The rooms were small and the place is noisy. It's a complete freak show under the canopy---ugly people who are 90 nude with no talent. Wall to wall beggars and hawkers. The entire Las Vegas is full of annoying street hustlers and creeps. What a waste of our First Amendment Rights! Next time I go to LV, I will stay in a South Vegas Hotel, go to a show and leave the next day. Too bad Vegas is stuck with such a beggar and homeless problem. Good: It was on my bucket list and I wanted to experience the canopy light show---ok, check it off. Good deals on food: Tony Roma's is located within the Fremont Hotel and steak and lobster for 11.99 is a DEAL! The Valet Parking was free and excellent. The entire Staff was excellent but seemed embarrassed to be in such a dump. It was cheap but you pay for it if your not a smoker.
	Bad: Nothing bad. . Good: Great location. Within walking distance to everything we wanted to see.
	Bad: The 'bathroom' area was open to the sleeping area. It was a unique design and certainly made the room seem larger. It was just a little odd. Also had to be careful about not hitting my head on the edge of the TV that was mounted on the wall between the sleeping area and the bathroom area. Good: The room was very spacious and the bed was quite comfortable. We were only there for the night but it was a pleasant stay.
	Bad: Scam more charge of parking and take from my credit card without telling me . Good: Location
	Bad: Advertised amenities came up majorly short. Mini bar is locked and does not have any alcohol. Shower appears to have steaming functionality, but didnt work. Breakfast was bread, cereal and hard boiled eggs. Considering you pay 20+ in resort fees, you'd think they'd put a little more effort into the little things. Good: Room was gorgeous, bed was comfortable, shower was nice, starbucks coffee machine is nice.
	Bad: Pictures were not accurate. The halls were dark and dirty. The floor in the room was not very clean. Did not know that there was not an elevator. Thankfully, we were on the ground floor. The eating area was very crowded. Hard to find seating. Good: Location
	Bad: Wish there was ironing and ironing board in room. As well as microwave. They did provide iron and ironing board that I shared with my girlfriend 2 doors down and they let me use their microwave by the bar. So worked out. Good: Loved Javier and rest of the staff. Anything I needed they accommodated.
	Bad: The entrance was dirty and there is no elevator, there should be someone to carry your luggage upstairs.. Many people were either female or elderly who need that kind of support. Good: Nice staff
	Bad: Best days of this hotel are far behind and the interior would need a major upgrade. When you enter the Room you first notice a bad smell due to combination of moisture and lack of proper ventilation. The air condition was extreamely noisy. You can also hear all voices from the corridor and other rooms. Good: Good location. There was a comlimentary coffee machine available at the lobby. Good bed.
	Bad: No pool :(. Good: The perfect Location
	Bad: The only disadvantage is lack of elevator, however it's quite common in Ar Deco hotels. However you could ask for ground floor room. Good: I loved staying there. The hotel located between 4th and 3d streets. It's quiet part of seashore, there was much less noise than at Ocean drive. 5-7 min to the beach. Good wi-fi. Reasoable breakfast with cereals and cookies.
	Bad: The bathroom is very small, smaller than I am used to. The saimin noodle soup at the cafe was terrible, the noodles were mushy and blend. Good: Location was right. The buffet was so so. The food at the cafe was okay. The rooms are kind of small but okay.
	Bad: Not clean, nothing worked, noisy, old and worn-out. Good: Nothing
	Bad: Darkness of room in Daylight. Good: Great simple breakfast and location for South Beach, pleasant approachable Host
	I recently stayed at the beautiful Hotel Royal and it was great! The room was clean, the staff was friendly and the location was fantastic! The room was a bit on the small side, but it's just a place to sleep so that wasn't a huge issue. I will warn you that they did have the smallest shower I have... More
	The hotel was a pleasant surprise. Perfectly located in the French Quarter and 1 block from Bourbon Street. I stayed in a petite room - but was impressed by the updated and clean rooms/bathrooms. Upon arrival, the staff were warm and welcoming - even carried my luggage up the 2 flights of stairs to the room. Air conditioned rooms, free... More
	My wife and I have stayed at the Bay Pointe Inn several times in the past 6 years that we have been married. We stayed there the night of our wedding and as anniversary stays on a couple occasions. We have enjoyed the experience every time. Courteous staff, nice clean sharp accommodations and a very nice restaurant.
	As a traveling superintendent ,I was there for two weeks and had a great stay, the breakfast was a nice bonus , liked that they had a to go breakfast available , and the coffee was good, referred a business associate to stay there he will be staying for 60+ days also
	Well, we arrived at our hotel and I had done the pre-checking in thing (like we can do for airplane seating etc) I had chosen my room and everything was good. Oh, by the way, if they could only show where the parking lot is located when you are chosing your room that would be great. I had some things... More
	The staff and the level of service at this Hampton Inn were amazing. They are very polite and helpful. Whenever I'm in the Alexandria, VA area, I always choose this Hampton Inn because of the service they provide and the environment while in their facility. The rooms are clean and comfortable while you are away from home.
	Stayed here a couple of weeks ago on a trip south. Needed to get past D.C. This is very good. Just inside VA and easy on and off. Courteous staff, clean.. A real good Hampton. Good restaurants near by. I'm stopping there again next week.
	This was my second time at this hotel. I'm glad that I had stayed here before because this trip was not too comfortable, at least at first. Due to an unforeseen situation I was unable to get there before the wee hours of the morning. I wanted nothing more than to take a hot shower and crash. Luckily, i was... More
	Bad: The pool was not at the hotel had to go to another hotel to swim and that is not stated when your booking your room. Just make it clear that there is not a pool at the hotel other than that loved the hotel!. Good: Great place to stay
	A good room at a good rate. Ive seen better breakfast, but I have seen a lot worse. There is plenty of parking, security seems good and the bed was comfortable.
	Our hotel room was spotless. The staff were so helpful and caring. They helped us out with our car. It's rare to find people who will help a stranger. We stay here frequently since my daughter goes to Chapman University. It's not in the most picturesque location, but everything else about it is great.
	The overall stay was great, the staff I had contact with was great. the room was better than expected, we had the room with 3 beds which has the 3rd bed in it's own little room which my Daughter and her friend loved. The beds were comfortable and the TV was great. We did have a problem with the refrigerator... More
	This is the sixth time we've stayed here. Great rooms, excellent service, and a sweet breakfast with a make omelettes to order chef! Close to USAFA and lots of good stuff. Colleen is the bomb, and will give you wonderful personal service!
	Friendly staff clean and comfortable Surroundings Home away from home Shuttle needs to run at least till midnight shuttle ends at 10pm
	Nice room, clean and comfortable. Bathroom was roomy with great shower head, shower curtain and granite countertop. They provide a coffee station, refrigerator and microwave. We will definitely stay here again while visiting family. One of the nicest Super 8's we have stayed.
	The rooms and service are good but my rate went up over what my company wants to pay. I will have to find a lower rate in Henderson or I will have to stay in Owensboro where I have a lower rate.
	I stayed here for one night for business. I am a Marriott person myself, but was pleasantly surprised! I would compare it to a Marriott Courtyard! The room was very nice and clean and the staff was friendly. The hot breakfast included eggs, sausage, biscuits, hot cinnamon rolls, pancakes, bagels, toast, etc. and was wonderful! I would highly recommend it!
	Hotel is clean, staff is friendly. Breakfast may be a hit or miss, guess depends on who is preparing the food. Depending on where your room is located you can end up with considerable noise from the traffic on 1604. Third stay at this hotel, two good stays and last one is so so. Believe they changed management recently as... More
	Stay at this hotel about 4 times per year. Always friendly staff, decent breakfast, comfortable mattress and clean. Easy to find right past Bandera exit off 1604 NW, San Antonio, Tx. Never have any problems. Very reliable quality of service.
	Bad: in old town, far away from new main strip noisy air-con in room decor abit old. Good: cheap buffet with good quality big room comfort bed
	Very Nice Hotel very clean. was very close to event. Had good breakfast served in the morning. Was close to shopping for the wife. Lots of restaurant close to Hotel. Easy excess to Highway. Was impressed with the Beds.
	I was extremely impressed with how Stephanie handled my check-in at this Hotel Also, the checkout clerk was Awesome, as well...She was very friendly at time of check out... Great Service!! Loved the room and the setup... Sergio
	We were late in booking on a holiday weekend, so we booked what was available. I probably wont choose this again, unless we are in the same situation, and in that case, I would probably still pay for better. Not the worst hotel, but could be way better. Breakfast was no bueno, we only tried it one day. Our bathroom... More
	Stopped here after my son's Doctor visit at Geisinger. Very relaxing, enjoyable atmosphere, excellent service and the food was exceptional.
	I went to the Pine Barn for a baby shower and it was beautifully decorated, quiet and wonderful service. So wonderful to have a historic Inn in our area!
	Check in and out was pretty easy. The vanity part of the bathroom was pretty spacious to put all of your toiletries on. The bathroom space was pretty big because it was also geared for a handicapped person. The shower head was on a slide bar so you can adjust it up and down. The bed and pilllows were pretty... More
	We got a free upgrade to a room with a jacuzi. It was right in the middle of the bed room... too funny! The beds where fine, the staff was great but the view from the top deck during breakfast....breathtaking!!!! I would go back in a heartbeat!
	When I arrived at the hotel the service I received from Shannon at the front desk was absolutely amazing.. She helped me take my luggage upstairs without any hesitation. She later called my room to make sure everything was acceptable to my needs and then she was back in the morning to help me all over again.. The kind of... More
	Due to a computer glitch with the booking agent, the staff could not find our booking in the hotel's system. The staff was quick to accommodate and gave us a room (upgrade with no charge). The breakfast was good: multi-grain bagels, waffle etc. Location is just across the trailhead of the courthouse butte. We can park at the hotel and... More
	For our 75.68 Hotel room for one night we walked into the room and my girlfriend walked into the bathroom and the toilet was not working properly, then she went to turn on the bath and bugs were crawling around in it. When we asked for our money back to switch to a different hotel the clerk refused and we... More
	Bad: The bed was stiff and valet parking only. Wifi is pay only and didn't live up to the speed expectations as advertised. Good: The location is great, easy access to all of Fremont area with a short walk. Not being a giant casino you don't have to walk far from the car or through the place to get out.
	I recently stayed at the Hampton Inn Suites in Dodge City on my way to and from a training in KS. When I checked in on Sunday night, Paul greeted me and made sure I had a quiet room on the top floor. It was during a heat wave, and the bottle of water he offered was much appreciated.... More
	Kansas being one of the last remaining states for us to visit all 50, we decided on Dodge City as a stop. A bit road weary we up scaled to the Hampton from the rural stops we had been making. Staff was very good and helpful and one of the previous reviewers had a great suggestion of a protected walkway... More
	The Dodge City Hampton Inn and Suites was a pleasant and comfortable stay. My only complaint is that they switched out the biscuit and gravy for French toast sticks. but the food was very good and the rooms were clean as well as roomy.
	The staff are very friendly and willing to assist you with whatever need you may have. The rooms are modern and reasonably priced, the Internet is fast and free for Hilton Honors members. There is a casino right next door, I don't really gamble so I can't review it.
	Very helpful and friendly staff, always taking care of my needs. Special thank you to Analy and Omar Andrade for responding to my requests. Lots of warm smiles and willingness to make you feel at home.
	My overall experience at Hampton Inn in Dodge City, ks was excellent. The staff is very professional and courteous. The accommodations were excellent. The atmosphere is pleasant for all ages. The room was spacious and great for relaxing. Breakfast was delicious.
	Sold our house and couldn't move into new house for several weeks. Spent a week at this hotel. The staff was VERY accommodating. Marilynn, who serves the free breakfast, was very nice and welcoming. Housekeeping did a great job as well.
	We had a 3-day business planning retreat here. We wanted an environment different from the average, away from the day-to-day, where we could unplug, unwind and connect fully with what is important. This was perfect. We rented the entire bed and breakfast. Way better than a typical hotel. Started each day with a brisk long walk in the fresh air... More
	I have now stayed here for 3 seasons-2013, 2014 and 2015. Not sure I will return next time. The front desk staff have ALWAYS been terrific and helpful, friendly, but the owners' strict adherence to some polices that are not really reasonable given choices provided elsewhere are at issue. Add to that, the fact that the furnishings, while adequate, are... More
	Had a blast at Arizona Mountain Inn. Cabins are really neat, fully equipped, and the staff goes above and beyond expectations to make you feel comfortable. If you're looking for that log-cabin experience, this is the place for you. Winter skiing, hiking, fishing, hunting, golfing.... all nearby. Super vacation!
	Bad: Extremely disappointed in Fremont Street. It used to be my favorite place to play/stay in Vegas but I will not be back. Very strange people just standing in the middle of the street. Cartoon characters, men in thongs and even one in an adult diaper! It's Hollywood Blvd on steroids! Thanks for the memories, Downtown Las Vegas. The Fremont Street Experience is one I do not wish to repeat!. Good: The hotel was very nice, much nicer than The Plaza next door.
	We stayed for 6 nights in Cabin 5. It was more spacious than it looked on the website photographs. It did not feel crowded or squished. And the reading room was cute--nice place to sit quietly. The cabins are neither fancy nor shabby, just good old-fashioned cabins with functional kitchenettes or full kitchens that are equipped with most of what... More
	This would have been a five star review except they really need to update the place. It doesn't cost much toast least get some new towels and bedspreads. Other than that, it was just great! We were traveling with our too large dogs and they were able to hang outside on the deck with us and hike in the forest... More
	I came to know that this motel is newly renovated so I wanted to check it out. The rate was very reasonable. I found that the room was clean and comfortable (I stayed for 7 nights) and the room included a microwave and fridge. They had smoking and non smoking rooms which I was pleased with since other motels near... More
	I've stayed at several hotels in the area, but this is favorite. It is clean, spacious, comfy, and close to th casino. But their greatest asset is the woman checking you in. I wish I could remember her name. Super nice and friendly and helpful. I'm so glad I found this place. Note: website was showing sold out but we... More
	Stopped on way home from Hilton Head - location directly across from casino. Room was clean, wifi slow, bed cheap, breakfast adequate continental plus a waffle maker. Cereal, packaged muffins, juice etc. Staff friendly - Cherokee reservation
	We stayed here as a weekend get away. First time staying at this location. We definitely would stay again. I had wonderful treatments at the spa across the street. Loved the pool area and hot tub and location of ice machine. The fresh fruit water everyday in the lobby was great.
	Clean comfortable hotel. Dennis the shuttle driver provided a tour into Newport and back to the hotel that was better than paid tours in Boston and Manhattan we have been on. He was the highlight of our trip. We are frequent visitors to Newport but never knew the history. We learned the different neighborhoods and restaurant choices other than harbor side. Breakfast on his recommendation was great! The free breakfast at Hampton is not why we stay there. The cleanliness and security is the most important feature to us. Someone needs to recognize Dennis for his efforts!! We will be back because of this A1 service.Thank you for taking the time to share your experience at our hotel with the TripAdvisor community. We appreciate your kind words and compliments regarding the cleanliness, comfort and security of our location. I will be certain to share your accolades with Dennis who will be thrilled to receive them. He is a tremendous asset to our team. We look forward to having you as our guests again upon your return to Newport. Again, thank you for your feedback.
	The stay was highly satisfactory. We were very impressed with Dan, who was managing the desk. There seemed to be some confusion about the category of room (we were allotted a room meant for handicapped person) but Dan straightened it out within a minute. He was also helpful with neighborhood information. Will stay there if we visit Newport again.
	Hotel check-in and check-out is efficient. Common areas and rooms are well maintained. Staff was inconsistent in terms of friendliness. Room's window heat/air unit was a bit noisy for me - but I'm a light sleeper. Breakfast was acceptable - fairly standard for this type of hotel. Had issues with the Internet connection speed.
	The hotel staff was incredibly friendly. They had coffee and tea available in the lobby throughout the day and the night. The included breakfast was different each day and it was quite tasty for a hotel breakfast. I loved the fresh fruit that was in the lobby at all times and the cookies in the evening. Our room was very clean. The only thing I would recommend is that they scrub the hot tub. Although the hotel is not in Newport, it is a straight drive right into the town.
	Bad: My room was near the ventilation system and there was a lot a noise coming from that. Good: Excelent location in the freemont Experience.
	I've come to expect an excellent level of comfort at Hilton brand hotels, and this Hampton Inn did not disappoint! Spotlessly clean, with friendly staff, free breakfast and comfortable rooms. This hotel also has a shuttle service to downtown Newport, which is very convenient, since parking is at a premium during the summer season.
	Right in the middle of Frisco. Very nice management. Rooms are old but are extremely clean. This was my best stay at any economical hotel ever. Simple, in the middle of Main Street and clean. It has great views of the mountains and is in the heart of Frisco. Best buy for the .
	The room was spacious enough, beds were okay, and it had a refrigerator, microwave and coffeemaker, and a complimentary breakfast. That said, the hotel is older --as in, you get an actual key to your room. Yeah that old- the rooms have no air conditioning, just a window fan. It gets hot in the room on warmer days, and of... More
	Older style motel split up into 2 or 3 single story buildings, all with exterior, park at your door entry. This arrangement looked odd to me at first but, actually made the whole property feel uncrowded and relaxed. Surrounding grassy areas were nice and the property overall seems to be in great condition. The room was just fine - perfectly... More
	Stayed here while visiting our Southwestern College student the inn is less than 5 mins. from the college very near downtown Winfield. Inn has a retro feel to it as you pull in it is one story tall and you park your vehicle right outside the door of your room. Owner showed us three rooms and we would have... More
	I stayed here 2 weekends ago, as I was traveling to the Dover Nascar races. The hotel cost 500 per night due to the races! When we arrived in the room, it was regular motel style...the tv had cigarrette burns in it...the room reaked of smoke (and I say this even though I am a smoker)...and the bathroom looked like... More
	This hotel has great dinner and breakfast package highly appreciated throughout the region. It make for a great place to hold family get togthers or just for a weekend get away. The staff is very friendly and helpful and makes repeat guests feel like they are coming home. The rooms could stand to be a little updated but the luxury suites are above and beyond.
	The Colonial Hotel is a really decent place. It's neat, clean, and seems to have the amenities one would expect for the price. We booked both a king and double queen room. The king comes with a fridge and microwave while the queen has neither. Good thing we had access to the king. As a long time Tempurpedic mattress user,... More
	The room was clean, the amenities nice. Attached is one of the best diners I've ever eaten at, complete with an old-fashioned ice cream fountain that took me back to my youth. Portions were generous and the quality of the food excellent. The motel staff were nice and helpful when possible.
	We had a microwave and fridge in the room. The room showed typical wear-and-tear of most moderately priced motels, but overall it was clean and the bed was comfortable, though a bit high. We were toward the back so had a bit of a walk to the front desk and adjoining restaurant, but that was okay. The staff was nice... More
	I work here in Perry about 6 days out of the week. The People here are very friendly and willing to make your stay better. The hotel is great for my simple needs as I'm away from home. The rooms and hallways smell very clean each time I enter and leave. I will continue my business here for sure.
	Bad: There were a couple younger staff at the desk during mid day times that seemed bothered by questions. Good: Easy to park. The room was clean and cool. Valet staff was really nice. Steve the maintence man was amazing. I dropped my pearl earring down the bathroom sink. He took the time to take the loop of the drain and get my pearl earring back. I was grateful for his extra service and care.
	I decided to stay here to have a quick and easy drive to the airport in the morning. This property is brand new and fabulous. My jaw literally dropped when I went to check out the exercise room! Easy drive to chain restaurants and Target. I wish all properties were like this one!
	After driving 14 hours, starting out in 60 mph+ winds, finding out interstate was closed due to a rock slide it was time to stop. Front desk staff greeted us with a smile and said they had a room ready. We had just called about a hour before. Told us we where in time for the chefs dinner and we... More
	This is a good one, guys! Rooms are convenient and comfortable, with self check-in and number-pad doors that miraculously work. It's small (I think 5 rooms) and walkable to anywhere in Hilo. We stayed in the smallest (read: cheapest) room no. 2. Had everything we needed, even a little kitchenette. It got maybe a bit noisy with the street but... More
	We spent the weekend after New Years at the Westin and enjoyed our stay. Rooms were decent sized, clean, comfortable and had great views. I agree with other reviews that this might not be the hotel for you if you are looking for a fun/romantic getaway. The hotel is attractive but overall feels like a business hotel. No extras -... More
	Stayed at the Westin for 2 nights. Staff is amazing. Location is amazing! Pebbles at the bar is super helpful and sweet!! Very knowledgeable and friendly! If I'm in the gas lamp area again I will definitely just go in and have a drink if Pebbles is working!!
	Excellent. Gracious clear staff, perfectly cleaned and maintained. It is noteworthy that there is a fee for internet, but the fee was waved for me. Spa and exercise options are very good. The free shuttle from the airport is great.
	For a weekend getaway this was a bit of a let down. I would recommend for a business traveler which it seemed geared toward, but for a fun couples weekend in the gas lamp it didn't provide any of the boutiquey extras I've come to expect. The room was small and very generic. The bathroom in particular, the tub was... More
	I can't say one negative thing about this hotel. When I arrived the bellhops greeted me and showed me inside where I was greeted by a friendly employee and checked in in less than 5 minutes. My room was 437 and was very quiet and had a nice view over the front entry area and up the road - I... More
	I really like this hotel -- friendly, inviting staff upon arrival, vibrant lobby and bar, and large clean rooms.It is close to the airport and within walking distance of many fine dining opportunities. It is also a short run or walk to the waterfront (about 0.6 miles) and lots of new fitness, shopping, dining, and beautiful pier-side panoramas await those... More
	Loved the stay staff was friendly pool was nice coffee was great! The room was clean and bed extemely comfortable. I don't know what else to right this is making me right a whole story what can I honestly say that 200 characters this is annoying. Worst part of experience this paragraph I was forced to write
	Bad: Waitress didn't come around a lot even with tipping. The hotel was older and had some cosmetic problems. Good: Lots to around the property and decent food prices. The buffet was really good.
	The only downside to this hotel is the service that came with the breakfast buffet. She was rude, abrupt and confrontational when asked any questions. Beyond that I would have easily given this hotel a perfect 5 star rating. It is quiet, beds are so comfortable, front desk is amazing! The location is walking distance to really great food and... More
	Great service, safe and overall excellent. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The young lady at the front desk printed some directions for me. The location was perfect, right by the freeway. I would stay again.
	Clean, modern, friendly staff and great location to the airport. Food available nearby. It is a quiet and secure neighborhood that is especially good for business travelers. Lives up to the reputation of the brand.
	We stayed at the Loews Portofino Bay because of the proximity to the Universal theme parks and added benefits of express passes and early park admission. We were there for 3 nights and then were booked at another hotel for the remaining nights of our holiday (which didn't end up happening due to Hurricane Matthew). The Good: - The water... More
	Great choice,a beautiful hotel with a lot of guests but it never felt crowded. The pools were nice and the area was always clean. Every employee that we cam in contact with seemed friendly and they were all very helpful. We loved using the water taxi to go to city walk and come back to the hotel. Although more expensive... More
	We just returned home from a 6-night stay at the Hyatt Grand Cypress in Orlando. I was impressed with all of that the hotel and its staff did to insure its guests had a great time. There are 2 large pools - one heated (about 90 degrees this week) with a fun slide for the kids and one not heated... More
	We had dinner at a wonderful restaurant and unfortunatly the waiter spilled wine on my friends white jacket and pants. They sent the clothing the cleaners that night . stains remained but they replaced everything. Golf was amazing Can't wait to return next year for gofl lessons with Harry. We stayed at the villa's and the were so amazing
	This is a very large convention hotel with great rooms, typical of Hyatt. The pool area is amazing, with a massive, 24hour pool winding around landscaping and rock formations. There is also a lake with a small beach, bikes, boats and volleyball. I liked the hotel but have a bitter taste for it after the 27 daily resort fee and... More
	Stayed here for 2 nights in January 2015. The lobby area is very impressive with its vast space and 15 floors high ceiling. We were treated to a free glass of bubbly upon arrival, which made a very good first impression. Large and comfortable room with all the necessary amenities and a nice view of the pool, artificial lake and... More
	I visited the Hyatt Regency Grand Cypress with my family for spring break during the week of March 29, 2015. I was able to book a hotel and airfare deal with JetBlue a week prior to arriving. The hotel is located within a stones throw of the Disney parks and is situated on a well-manicured grounds surrounded by a host... More
	Bad: When we left there was a valet parking worker that made us put are luggage on the cart. But other than we had an awsome time there. Good: The location and the restaurants were great I enjoyed the buffet!
	What a great experience at this property. The valet was superb, the check-in process was so simple, and the room was pristine. Food was great and all of the amenities on the property are ample to stay and enjoy a nice getaway or close enough to everything to go explore.
	It was amazing experience at Hyatt Recency it's really really beautiful room all the stuff were so clean. We took the 27th floor it has a gergouse view from it, we spent 4nights we really enjoyed when I go to Orlando again I'm pretty sure to make a reservation at the hotel
	Loved the hotel. Very nice. Great Pool, golf and activities. There was no reason to leave the resort. Rooms were nice and food was very good. A bit pricey though. Not a vacation if you are on a budget. WE would go back- had a very nice time.
	My family of four (kids 3 and 6) stayed here over President's Day weekend. Hotel is clean, almost all the employees were great, location has food options and is very close to other food and there is a free shuttle to the parks. And for a big win for family with young kids- half the rooms have view of the... More
	Nice property, but very crowded. Could improve on pool management. Also wait staff very slow at the pool bar. The food quality and selection at the various restaurants was great. Pool areas are very nice, but management of the area has a lot to be desired. All chairs claimed by 8 am!
	This hotel has everything. Beautiful grounds and interior. Room was very clean with beautiful views room 549. This is a room with a pool view and excellent for watching the fireworks at Epcot and Disney. We stayed here for 3 nights but wish we had booked longer as we didn't have time to make use of the amazing pool area... More
	This is an excellent property. It really fits the resort catagory. The king bed I had was very comfortable and the room had enough space to relax and work. Evry room has a balcony. My room overlooked a pond and I observed people kayaking and playing in the water. There are several excellent restaraunts. They run a shuttle to the... More
	It is close to resturants and stores.Great hotel and activities. They think of everything. Customer service is absolutly great. Room has coffee maker and the coffee they provide is starbucks. we will difinitly be back in our future trip. Thank you!
	resort which is probably 25 years young has undergone a complete remodel that will carry it for another 10 years. Rooms are fair sized with twin full beds,coffee maker, fridge. Resort fee covers pitch and putt golf, non motorized boats, bikes, transfer to parks etc. plenty of dining options and extensive grounds. Some rooms have view of fireworks shows in... More
	I cannot say enough about our family vacation. The place is amazing. The best though is the incredible club lounge for club level guests. The food was sooo good! They accommodated gluten free every meal or snack. I was so spoiled with the Starbucks lattes on demand, cheeses, great GF grilled veggies, GF chocolate muffins and doughnuts and super reasonable... More
	Bad: Rude staff. Cleaniness. Bed. Had to change rooms three times. I will never stay there again!. Good: Nothing
	This is my second stay here at the hyatt. The staff are always friendly and happy to help you. The facilities included in the resort fee are well worth the money such as The 2 swimming pools Pitch and put golf course Driving range 3 full size golf practice holes Boats on the lake Also the new year balloon drop... More
	We stayed there for six days and we had an incredible time. The resort is so clean and there is so much to do, from bike riding, tennis, pitch and put golf, hot tubs, slides, pools, restaurants, etc. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.
	We waited for everything and it was never worth it. The resort section is nice for older kids, but not much there for my toddler. Very disappointed with everything: We did not get into our room until well over an hour past check in - and they have a late check in time! If you have trouble walking but do... More
	We were so impressed with the entire environment of this awesome resort. It had everything for a relaxing weekend that a couple would want. We had some awesome meals at all the restaurants on property, enjoyed the fitness center and the Marilyn Monroe SPA, what else can a couple ask for.
	We were in Orlando 3 weeks and spent the last 4 days at this hotel before heading back to UK! It's a fantastic family friendly hotel can't fault anything thing! Both my kids 12 and 8 loved all the free activities and the pool was amazing better than blizzard beach water park as per my daughter!! Well worth the money!... More
	We stayed here for 2 nights because the price was reasonable and the amenities looked pretty impressive...it did not disappoint. Check in was easy, everyone was friendly and we thoroughly enjoyed the stay. The heated pool was crowded but very fun. We did not eat in any of the on-site restaurants, but we did get smores at the cabana bar... More
	Great place to stay for reasonable price near Northpoint Mall. Very clean, moderate-sized, 6 foot something deep, indoor pool, and small hot tub. Staff VERY friendly and helpful! Good food at free Cont breakfast. Waffle House right across the parking lot if you are a late sleeper!
	We had a wonderful stay here. It was very clean and the staff was super friendly. We had some minor housing/maintenance issues but over all it was well worth the price. I think we ran to wal-mart at least 10 times. Lots of stores and eateries in the area. I will stay again.
	This place is right on the bay. Has great amenities. Was unfortunately there to work so didn't have time to partake. Rooms were okay, a little dated. But staff was cordial and the location was perfect.
	We had a sour taste in our mouths from a previous stay in a Holiday Inn Express and were leary about staying in one again, we had no choice so we booked a room here. The staff was VERY friendly and very attentive to our needs, especially the shuttle bus driver Tina who went above and beyond her duties to... More
	Good: Good hotel at Fremont street. But do not expect something special. Relatively old rooms, no WIFI in the rooms, but the bed was comfortable, the staff was nice, and the Hotel is direct in the heart of Old Las Vegas.
	Fabulous room. great beds in 2 bedroom suite, I want to thank all of the people who made my stay super.and spectacular. Staff exhibits a great deal of friendly atmosphere. Loved the special nights for a variety of meals and snacks 3 times a week special cudos to the evening staff for making it happen and treating me to that... More
	This hotel is excellent! It is in a great location. From the hotel you can easily walk to the port where there are a great many excellent restaurants and numerous shops to wander through. The staff was very attentive. Our room was wonderful. It was very comfortable, functional and modern. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was very good and the... More
	I found this hotel on the internet. It was located where we wanted to be and seemed to be a bit unique. It was a great experience. The hotel is done in a newspaper theme with unique art, historic photos, carpet and accessories. The rooms, (I rented two for our group) were comfortable, clean, nicely appointed. We could walk to... More
	The Press hotel was perfect right from the checkin. The hotel is immaculate, the rooms are amazing and the beds are very comfortable. The bathrooms are large, newly renovated and have modern high end fixtures. Super cool hotel and we loved the art and the typewriters in the lobby. Going back for sure!!
	Found The Press Hotel when searching Trip Advisor and we were thankful. What a nice surprise finding this architectural gem. We were looking for a property centrally located with amenities. Lucky us, The Press was the solution. The one night weekend rate was way under the rack rate - considerably. The service was top notch from the valet, bellman, and... More
	Hip, but not too hip. Staff super friendly and knowledgeable. Absolutely perfect location for walking around Portland. Rooms nicely appointed, if a touch small (few drawers for clothes) big bathrooms. Restaurant solid and bar good too. Really excellent little boutique-feeling hotel.
	It's been a year since I was there and reviewed the place. Since then they added some things in the room. Like a main console to not only control your room temp, drapes, lights, etc but you could also order food! Room service or take away. The latter is food from FB outlets in the hotel and you self collect... More
	Really enjoyed Aria Resort and Casino. Not too big, not too small. Beautiful rooms, great restaurants and pool. Staff is excellent. Would recommend this venue to my friends and family. The Aria Cafe has the best burgers and loaded tater tots I've ever had.
	This was our second stay at ARia. We booked during a promotion which was going to give us an upgrade to a strip view. Unfortunately, we were only able to see a little part of the strip, but who could argue, a strip view it was. Check in/ check out was fast, in spite of a moderate long lineup. We... More
	The Aria was great. Great food and drink. Carbone was delish, a bit overpriced. Amenities at Aria the best. Life was exciting after dark in the casino. Loved the atmosphere. Will be coming back real soon
	Bad: Pricey, but it was fathers day weekend. Good: Access to downtown
	4th stay at Aria. It never disappoints. Food, cleanliness, hotel staff, atmosphere cannot be beat. My next stay in Vegas will be my 5th stay at Aria. Try the Bardot Restaurant for wonderful French cuisine.
	Me and my 3 girlfriends went here. Bouncer was extremely rude to my friend who had sunglasses on and accused her of being drunk and barely let her into the club even though she didn't have anything to drink the whole day. Eventually we got in and paid cover but the pool closed 2 hours early. We still had an... More
	We came for a weekend getaway with friends and our third time at the Aria. We have tried other properties and just feel the Aria is the best-- perfect location, incredible restaurants, wonderful pool and fitness areas... And don't forget the smell when you enter the lobby-- I'm pretty convinced that's what Heaven smells like!
	We had a beautiful suite in the tower with private check in, entrance and limo pick up. Everything you would expect from a five star hotel. The comfort of our room was wonderful and we enjoyed our stay completely. The only negative was that it was so overcrowded everywhere... I know it's Las Vegas but Aria has many, many rooms... More
	I stayed here for a weekend with friends. This is a great hotel that I rate as a solid 4 stars. The hotel is new and part of the city center development along with the Vdara and Mandarin Oriental hotels. It is attached to a mall with high-end shopping and very central. The rooms are very nice although I thought... More
	I rarely if ever give a five star and I am not a fan of Vegas. This place was exquisite and the perfect place for a romantic getaway. You never have to leave the hotel area. Forgetting Las Vegas for a moment if you can avoid losing your retirement pay at the casino and just gamble for entertainment then I... More
	We had a standard room with a minor view of the strip. The room was perfect. Temperature just right and clean as a whistle and fully atuomated. When we opened our door the room lit up and the drapes opened automatically. I suggest you just leave the control in the auto position because the room will do all the start... More
	The rooms are luxurious, the staff are very accommodating, and the casino is not overly crowded. Best of all, the beds are insanely comfy!! The best stay we've had in all the times we've been to Vegas. We will always stay here from now on.
	We stayed for 3 nights and had a room with a great view of the strip on the 25th floor. Rooms are lovely with a tablet to control all functions. Everything is pricey here but that's to be expected from the strip!
	I went to Vegas with a girlfriend and we stayed in a standard room with 2 queen beds. Beds were comfy, I wouldn't pay more for a strip view unless that's important for you - we had a gorgeous mountain view to enjoy which was a nice break from the strip. We walked through most of the hotels and casinos... More
	Bad: No pool. Good: Every thing was walking distance
	This resort is worth every one of its five diamonds! Stunning service with kindness, support and upgrades when any question came up. Ex. When I called the operator to find out the opening time of Jean Phillipe, she said, they opened 30 minutes ago, Mr. G---, they are waiting for you...--absolute magic.
	Staff were exceptionally friendly throughout the resort and the room was beautiful and very comfortable - felt like I was in a 5 star resort. Pools were gorgeous but found the restaurants were a little overpriced for me.
	Great location and facility. I did the mobile check in which was fast and easy. And I also did the TV check out. Which was just as easy. I loved the high tech rooms. And the bed was comfy. I also enjoyed the casino. and the slot machines. Will stay again.
	Had a blast next time will bring wife and kids lots to do here and really felt welcomed also enjoyed the atmosphere and the staff are very helpful and friendly. Sure to recommend Aria to all my friends and family.
	We pick the Aria for laid back location and the modern feel. The staff seems to care. Yes we lost all our gambling funds but the atmosphere and vibe was worth it. It is a special place..great for the modern crowd but not extremely trendy...
	Upon entering the cigarette smoke hits you, been to hotels in Vegas and the smell here was strong. Going to my room notice the walls are so beat up, huge knicks on the walls, carpets smell musty. Room good size , the bed was not comfortable- too lumpy, nice size bathroom but CAUTION the marble used on the shower floor... More
	Hotel appearance is modern, very clean and stylish. It looks very upscale and was a bargain for what we paid per night (mid week). Its large and as such, was a loooonnggg walk to get out of the hotel there is a lot of winding through the Crystal shops and then a plunge outside and then back into the lobby.... More
	Stayed at the Aria on a business trip. Originally I was a little concerned about the distance from the hotel to the strip, but its not near as bad as it looks on a map. The casino is great and the location in respect to other hotels is perfect. I did not have a change to try out the restaurants... More
	Being empty nest'rs, we tend to look for more elegant adult atmospheres and of course want our money to go a long way... I am very particular in my lodging choices and the Aria did not disappoint! I requested a high floor with a really nice view and was happily accommodated. This hotel is ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS and it has everything... More
	State of the Art, Beautiful, luxury, high energy hotel. I highly recommend the Aria. The restaurants are impeccable and have such a wide cultural variety, the atmosphere is amazing, the staff is incredibly helpful and friendly, and the rooms are unbelievably clean, state of the art, and high tech - so comfortable. You will be having the time of your... More
	Bad: Dirty, tiny bathroom and no pool. Good: Prime rib meal deal at Roma's
	Second time at this nice and modern hotel. As soon as you walk in the room the drapes open up. Pretty cool. Room is comfy and plenty of room. Beds are also comfortable. You can walk to the high end mall Crystals. I like that they have an air conditioned room to sit at while you wait for your car.... More
	It was memorable stay in Aria Resort, very good valet service and friendly staff at the reception. Rooms are big size and all the controls are at our finger. Ample shopping area and great restaurants. This city center hotels and resort is very attractive structure and good value for money and much more.
	Beautiful casino and restaurant and shopping district. Vegas always seems to offer a 5 star experience for much less than other cities. I love this hotel and will be back many times in the future. The staff is friendly, the food is t too pricy and the location is perfect.
	We stayed for 4 nights with 6 others couples. Check-in was a only 10 minutes when we arrived Thursday around 7pm (although I did notice longer lines at other times during our stay). Our room was great with a strip view - spacious, super comfy bed, lovely shower/bath area and lots of wardrobe/drawer space. Our only room complaint was that... More
	We had high hopes for the Aria - during our Christmas mini-getaway we chose it over several competing hotels due to its promise of a newer hotel with great service and amenities. We arrived at around 11:30 pm and were surprised to find a long winding line at the check in area. The line moved at an excruciatingly slow pace... More
	Beautiful hotel! Room was perfect, with several bonuses such as press-button controls of the blinds, lights, and TV. I felt safe in my room Aria associates were stationed outside of elevators to make sure only guests were permitted on the hotel area. In addition to the rooms, the conference center was comfortable and attractive. Food offered (and the staff that... More
	I've been to Vegas about 8 times and I've stayed in a variety of hotels, from the Venetian, Paris, Bellagio, Bally's, Wynn, Caesar's Palace, Hilton, etc. I'd say that Aria is the most modern and sleek hotel. Maybe because it's one of the newer ones, but I will admit I like their ambiance. The location is great, it's right by... More
	This was our second visit to the Aria we were allocated a Tower Suite on the 22nd floor. This suite was fabulous with lounge, entry hall separate bedroom and massive bathroom, the comfort and attention to detail superb and we found ourselves relaxing in here and hiding from the heat outside. You are also allocated the Tower Lounge with separate... More
	We stayed at the Aria for a couple of nights in July 2016 as a starting point for our family road trip and found it to be an excellent hotel. It has been a long time since we had been to Las Vegas and quite a lot has changed in that time. It used to be a place where accommodation... More
	This is my second time staying at the Aria. It truly is a fantastic place to stay while in Vegas even now. The casino and resort feels very upscale and some how though its packed it never feels crowded. It has wonderful high ceilings unlike some other casinos so you never feel closed in. The pool is also fantastic. I... More
	Bad: A fridge in the room would be super nice. Good: The room was very clean, beds comfy and 3 pillows. Every one was friendly. Great valet staff.
	This is our second time to stay at the Aria. My husband and I love this hotel. Not a lot of horrible traffic through the resort like you have at some of the other hotels. Very laid back and very elegant. Great place to stay if you want to avoid a lot of children. Loved all of the extra amenities... More
	I traveled to Vegas the week of June 28-July 1 with my husband on business and we stayed at the ARIA. This place is AMAZING!!!! We have stayed at several hotels in Vegas but the Aria gives you the full package. I have never in my life slept in a bed so comfortable AND the pillows. I will be ordering... More
	Very nice hotel casino. Room is spacious and very clean. Bed is very soft and comfy. Location is very accessible to both directions of the strip. Very advance amenities. Good selections of buffet menu.
	Stayed here for a vegas weekend and it was great! The room was amazing and the bed beyond comfortable. Services was impeccable. There casino area was also great, there was live music at the bar and a great atmosphere. We ordered room service for breakfast one morning and the food was delicious. I would definitely stay here again if I... More
	Stay is pleasant however, very expensive and staff no more helpful than in other hotels. We are here for a special occasion, on Checkin hotel asked this - we were hoping for upgrade or something, but nothing! Then other members of group arrived and they were upgraded! Typical, no luck! Location is excellent.
	I would definitely stay at the Aria again. The Aria needs to hire more more Check-in staff from 5PM - 7PM. We had to wait at least 15 minutes to check-in, I felt like I was at an Airport Ticket Counter
	I recently attended a conference held at ARIA Las Vegas. This was my first trip to Vegas but it definitely won't be my last! The conference accommodations were fantastic (room temperature was a bit too cold at times) however, I fell in love with this hotel. The ARIA buffet has so many international food options, I felt I was dining... More
	Beautiful hotel. For 109 you expect an average hotel but this is awesome. Automatic blinds, lights, huge bathroom. Nice standing shower with jacuzzi. Great cleaning staff, front desk, room service. Grilled chicken sandwich was the best ever. Mini bar prices are not too bad, fiji water was more expensive than liquor. 9.50 for a bottle of fiji water but 6... More
	Meant to book Sky Suites due to great previous experience, mistakenly booked Tower Suites. Complementary pick-up drop-off at Airport makes a huge difference to the overall experience. Separate check-in and lounge does away with long wait at check-in, lounge also offers snacks light breakfast. So far, comparable to Sky Suites but not quite so up-scale. Suite itself was... More
	The pictures do this place no justice. IT IS AWESOME! BEAUTIFUL!!! The entire property is immaculate. Room service is twice daily, plus turn down service with chocolates, motivational quotes and slippers. All employees were extremely nice and helpful. Elevators were quick and efficient l. Ammenties...EVERYTHING! You have to try the turkey burger and lemonade at the burger shack. You won't... More
	Bad: The bar is a little on the expensive side. Drinks are very small for the price. The bartender we had was very slow and not very friendly. We waited about 10 minutes before we were served. It wasn't busy either. Good: Staff was very nice and helpful. The location of the hotel is very convenient.
	The pool area is good - plenty of sun (as opposed to too much shade at some other Strip 5 stars). The day club is tantalising (I'm too old) but not so noisy that it spoils the pool vibe for non-clubbers. It can be a bit tricky to get sunbeams though - and too many are reserved for VIPs and... More
	We spent five nights at the Aria for our 1st anniversary. This was our second visit to this hotel. Once again they surpassed our expectations!! We were put into a corner suite on the 18th floor with amazing views. The room was so comfortable that it made it hard to want to leave to do anything else. There are so... More
	6 friends on a very short break completely blown over by The Aria. Everything very efficient from start to finish during our stay.Location perfect. Rooms huge and spotless with fantastic views-only downside was the pillows-too soft for my liking. We asked for rooms near to each other and this request was easily met. The lobby areas very clean, casino not... More
	Aria is excelent on al counts for a Las Vegas stay. It has excellent facilities and service is great in all areas of the hotel. Considering its size, it does provide high quality in all respects. I have had excellent experiences at this hotel and our last stay was no exception.
	The room was great we had a corner suite with a pano view. The staff were great and the restaurants were amazing. Checking in at the tower suites was fantastic. No line ups and very friendly staff. Overall the Hotel is fantastic. Very easy to navigate throughout the hotel as many casinos are very confusing. Good central location as well.
	Traveled there a few weeks back for my 35th birthday and my stay at Aria was nothing short of AMAZING! Will definitely stay there again. From the staff to the food at the buffet and the cafe to the night life. One of the best stays I've had in Vegas!!
	Check in went smooth and the view of the strip and mountains was nice BUT although the room was large the dark brown walls and decor was reminiscent of a boardroom. Now on to the issue of housekeeping.... I initially noticed that the night tables were not dusted upon checking in, but didn't give much notice as we were very... More
	I travel at least once per year and as far as all the hotels I've been to, this has been the best by far. The food, service and room was probably the best that I've experienced. I've been to Vegas 4 times now and used to stay at Cesar's but this place doesn't compare with anything else in Vegas. Between... More
	The Aria is a stunning hotel that is in a great location near the Strip. We loved the room as it was spacious and modern and the view was fantastic from the 30th floor! The casino is huge and has a variety of games and tables, however, they are quite expensive to play. We mainly played on electronic versions of... More
	We had a wonderful stay at the Aria. Breakfast buffet had everything you could want. Had a need for maintenance, they were quick and professional. Pool time was fantastic. Check-in was a bit rough, apparently if you use express check-in, you can bill purchases to your room. Overall, great trip!!
	The hotel is just one of many that are on this new trend of firmer pillows and mattresses. This is the third hotel I have stayed in the last few months that have had firmer vs softer mattresses in their rooms. Aside from the bed The room was well appointed, comfortable and really The bonus Those super plushy and comfy robes in the closet. I miss a good hotel robe and this one had one!! Another little thing I loved was the spa water and coffee service in the lobby. High quality coffee and the New York Times Count me in! The maid service was friendly, attentive, and I even got a little note. Would totally stay again.
	Bad: I loved everything. The parking, the restaurant ,the rooms and the the several acts that perform every night in the downtown area. Good: The people at the front desk were superb. They upgraded me to a real nice room.
	We visited the Aria for our 10th wedding anniversary on 22nd September. Proper wow factor on walking in, no need to queue as we had checked in using the app. Rooms were beautiful with everything powered by the tablet - watch out for the mini bar though as the prices are pretty hefty. We ate in Caf Aria - amazing... More
	FIrst trip to Vegas and we had heard everyone rave about this place, so we decided to book it. First impression....WOW...absolutely gorgeous. We aren't much for gambling, but this place had a huge casino, and tons of great restaurants and bars. The place is impeccable. Room service was great and the rooms totally state of the art. We booked through... More
	Room was great. Comfortable, ultra modern contemporary, very clean and high tech. Bath was my favorite w/phone. Loved the electronic controls for lights, curtain, television, etc. All controls at you fingertips. Plenty of towels and toiletries. Very friendly staff. Checked in early without a fee. Not all check-in stations open, but have an electronic check-in (and check-out) option. Tram was... More
	Booked a combo deal through Southwest, excellent value, very nice hotel. Clean rooms, quite, polite staff. Little smokey in the casino but you can get away from that. The gym was nice and they have a excellent restaurant Javier's a must go to place. Rooms are also fully automated, very cool.
	We stayed at the Aria 3/23/16 - 3/27/16. Our room was 22118 of the tower suites, the view of the strip was spectacular! The room itself was the nicest hotel room I have ever stayed in. The bed, let's just say, I wish I could have taken it home with me. Amazing comfort. The staff at the Aria was amazing.... More
	The hotel room had the latest in modern technology all easily controlled by a tablet. The range and quality of the many restaurants was astounding. We loved the high end Mexican restaurant and the breakfast buffet...which offered a vast choice! I'm sure this is modern high end Vegas at its very best.
	A friend and I came to Vegas for her birthday for a few days. We loved our stay here. The hotel and casino is very clean, staff is helpful, and the rooms feel like luxury. We liked that everything in the room can be controlled by an iPad, and you can shut everything off at once at bed time. Also,... More
	I was in Las Vegas on a quick business trip recently and really didn't have any idea where to stay. Aria looked new and fresh and the package deal with airfare was pretty compelling. The room was large with a stunning view and huge windows. The room was clean enough to eat off the floor (although I chose not to).... More
	From the second you Valet your car, to check-in, service is phenomenal. Highly recommend this luxury hotel. We stay here most times when visiting Las Vegas. Never have we been disappointed. We stayed in a corner suite facing the strip with 3 TVs and 2 bathrooms...can't get much nicer then that!
	For the money paid, this is a hotel that offers great value. Having stayed at Delano, Venetian, Caesars and Planet Hollywood (not on the same level!), this has the best bang for the buck. Security was good and kept outside riff-raff out. Food options were from high end to easy to buy. Prices were consistent with all other resorts, and... More
	Bad: the noise fm the live bands when trying to sleep.
	The Aria has it all!! It's large, bright, clean, has an amazing swimming pool area plus a gorgeous spa!! We had an amazing Thai meal which was lovely. The hotel is close by to everything and has a tram to other hotels too. When we come back to Vegas we will stay here again!!
	Fabulous and high tech stay! Simply incredible and helped to make our weekend get-away experience fabulous. We loved the location, service and attn to detail. Also, the tram between Balacio, Aria and Monte Carlo was very convenient.
	Stayed at the Aria for 3 nights March 5-8 The comps aren't what they used to be. We booked our comp suite after analyzing our offers. We turned down 400 more dollars to experience the Corner suite at the Aria... surprise!!! When we arrived they down graded our suite.. so read the fine print!!! It does say that in there... More
	The Aria was by far one of the best places that I have stayed in Vegas. The rooms were amazing completely controlled by a computer tablet. Never seen anything like it. You walk into the room and it comes alive. The curtains open the TV comes on and plays music. Awesome!
	Amazing views of the strip, awesome rooms and exceptional service. Spa is worth the money, spent the day after massages enjoying sauna and pools. Would recommend Aria to couple who want a modern resort with out the noise, the restaurants have craft beers from all over the world. The seafood was fresh off the boat. Looking forward to our next... More
	This was my third time at Aria Resort and it didn't disappoint. The only criticism I have is the queue to check in, i could see they are installing Express check in machines but i dont think they were in use yet. We were given a room in 26th floor. As expected, it was clean, spacious and had all mod... More
	Stayed in this hotel for a week. All-you-need to live located in one place. Great room with view on the Strip + fully automated smart room. Very comfortable bad. Staff is very helpful and friendly. Location is great - next to he Bellagio.
	We (wife and two friends) stayed at the Aria over memorial weekend and had a fantastic time. This was my second stay at the Aria, first time was three years ago with my daughter for her 21st. I'm pleased to say that everything was just as good second time round. Rooms excellent, staff couldn't be more helpful. We ate at... More
	Hadn't stayed here before but had heard great reviews, although only downside was not right on the strip. Being back from the strip was not an issue in our opinion and our check in experience was terrific. We decided to spend a couple extra bucks to upgrade to a corner suite, well worth the money. Room was awesome! Very centrally... More
	I recently stayed in room 16125 which was a corner suite (I highly recommend). I was checked in by Matthew who was very courteous, helpful and professional. The entire property was spotless and had a good vibe. Everyone went out of their way to say hello and offer assistance including dealers, bartenders, cleaning staff and the front desk. I wish... More
	Bad: Might need a little updating. Good: Conveniently located on Fremont
	Location: at the south end of Las Vegas Bvld. This is the newer end and nearer LVS airport. Bellagio and Caesar's Palace are close. Aria is part of an integrated development with Mandarin Oriental as high end hotel, Aria hotel and casino complex and Crystals shopping mall (Prada, Vuitton etc) - a little bit dead except as a walkway to... More
	During our recent stay at the Aria, my fianc and I experienced nothing but exceptional service. The hotel was incredible and amenities were great. We had a corner suite for a weekend and wish we could have stayed longer. Can't wait to book our next Vegas trip there.
	I love the Aria. I like the way the tables are laid out on the casino floor and all the dcor. Any staff I came in to contact with was very helpful and polite. Room was clean and a good size. I also think it's a good location and easy to get to a lot of other attractions in Vegas.
	I was at the Aria for 3 days for a conference. Everything about my stay was impeccable. The rooms are fantastic and very hi-tech, the pool is great and the food is incredible. The common areas are not too loud/ smoky. It's near other cool hotels so you can easily walk to the Mandarin or the Cosmopolitan. Nice staff. I... More
	Stayed here for a conference(3rd time)and and it is a wonderful hotel. Clean, professional and great service. From the Web check in to the mobile check out and the state of the art rooms( all controlled by touch screen) I would recommend this hotel to all friends and colleagues.
	Aria Hotel Casino is one of the best hotel and casino in the entire Las Vegas as we experience of staying there for several times. With Professional Knowledgeable Staff and excellent services. I will strongly recommend to my friends and relatives to stay at aria when they plan to go to Las Vegas. Congratulation to the Management of... More
	From the time I entered the hotel to the time I left it was a great experience. Had a wonderful room with lots of space and a great view to the city. The food was really good. And not to mention its Vegas, their casinos are open round the clock.
	Aria Rocks!!! They have a Javier's in this hotel. This facility is a gem. Trendy, fun and the staff is amazing. You literally do not need to leave this resort. Thanks Aria we will be back soon. The M club was fun as well racking up our points.
	We've been coming to the Aria Hotel since its grand opening. It's a lovely hotel, but like every hotel in Las Vegas it's highly used. Bedspreads on this visit had questionable stains on them, not freshly replace for our visit. Black mold in the shower area, gross! One of the three pools has changed, they charge 100.00 for lounge chairs... More
	Excellent facility. Nice staff. Room views were great and it was very convenient to other places. Gym was nice and hot tubs were great! Cleanliness was a priority. Make sure you do mobile check in and check out to save time.
	Bad: Better meal choices. Pool and fitness center on property. Good: Ease of conveniece to everything I needed
	We arrived at the hotel and experienced the wonderful front desk staff. The check in was quick and we had a room on the 42 floor. It had a great view. The rooms were very clean and had eveything you could need. The beds were so comfortable we didnt miss our own bed at home like we usually do. The... More
	I arrived Saturday around 4:00 pm I was a bit nervous because I had read that check-in can be a pain. I was ushered to the an available agent as soon as I walked through the door was given a room quickly and was told there would be a 32-34 resort fee (cant remember exact amount) plus a hold charge... More
	Stayed four nights with hubby for a work conference. I didn't find the convention area to be as much of a trek as in other Vegas hotels. Rooms were spacious, upgraded for 30/night to get a strip view on the 31st floor. We appreciated the security posted near the guest elevators. Dealers were friendly in the casino and staff at... More
	My husband took me to Las Vegas for my 30th birthday. We planned a trip through Expedia and bundled Aria into our package. Knowing little about the property, we booked based on the reviews and location. From check-in to check-out our stay was amazing. Highlights from the trip were the pool (a host easily found us front row chairs during... More
	Lacks true value for money Stayed here twice now, and there's no doubting this is a fancy hotel inside and out. However, be prepared for staff not carrying out their duties properly, excessive queues at check-in and check-out, and long walks across the casino to get from the elevators to the front door. Then there's another long walk before you... More
	We just loved the Aria, everything from the Tower Suites check in to the music selection playing throughout the resort was just amazing. Very clean and spacious rooms weather a suite or just standard deluxe room. A little on the pricy side but in my opinion worth it,
	As a frequent guest at the Aria, our most recent trip was almost as expected. The property in general is outstanding for it's facilities and its location on the strip. The modern decor and high end furnishings definitely make the Aria stand out from other resorts . However, we have began to notice a small degradation of the quality of... More
	The in room controls and excellent dining are only the tip of the iceberg for this fantastic hotel! The staff throughout, and in the spa, were superb and seemed to genuinely enjoy their job. The shower in my room was heavenly and everything was spotless. If you want to sleep on a cloud while in Vegas, ARIA is THE place... More
	Ha! I've always wanted to use that song title for a review. ARIA has given me the opportunity to do so. Now, there were only two issues with my ARIA stay. Check in and the numbering system in the hallways. The hotel receptionist had a hard time divvying up our check in, understanding that several nights were to be paid... More
	In my view Aria is the best resort to stay at in Las Vegas. Rooms are amazing. The beds and pillows are fabulous. They have the best restaurants too. Check-in is always quick and the employees are always very nice.
	Bad: That I had to leave great place. Good: Everything very nice room food service
	Beautiful hotel! The corner suite is very tech savy and modern! I like the separate living space and bedroom. I also love how everything in the room can be controlled by one device! The monorail also stops here which is a plus! Overall, it can be pricey, but it's worth it!
	The hotel was very nice. As compared to several other Casinos on the strip the Aria casino had the least offensive smell of cigarettes. The buffet was good but pricey. We went early in the morning would recommend for lunch or supper not breakfast. The concierge was helpful, long line but they placed staff in line to speed up process.... More
	I have spent the last two birthdays at this hotel. It is the BOMB! Everything you want in a 5 star resort. I have so much fun. I visit the cafe for breakfast. I love the Vegas style bakery, with so many choices. The crepes are heavenly! The pool is beautiful and relaxing. They even have a suite-member only pool.... More
	I usually not write reviews that often and especially don't give any bad review to ARIA at all since my husband totally loves ARIA. My husband and I always love to stay here and we come minimum 3 times a year but the last 2 stays of ours were very unsatisfactory and all due to unprofessional staff at Mlife. My... More
	Beautiful and luxurious resort hotel with everything anyone could need for a few days in Las Vegas. Centrally located on the strip, this relatively new resort hotel is convenient, affordable and luxurious for singles, couples and families alike. Fantastic services, a huge selection of top quality restaurants at all price points and a large and comfortable casino. Pool area is... More
	Aria was an outstanding resort. Very nice accommodations. Great location. Easy access to parking. Wifi works great. Bedding very comfortable. Only complaint was no access to use of a mini refrigerator and onsite dining very expensive. Many other dining options close.
	We absolutely loved our stay in Aria Hotel. We were lucky enough to get a room on the 54th floor and although we weren't facing the strip, the view is still beyond amazing. Location is perfect and couldn't recommend enough.
	My husband booked this as a surprise for my 30th, it was my first trip to Vegas and WOW I already can't wait to come back! The hotel is stunning, 16 different restaurants, lovely chilled pool areas which also had some families, and a lively pool party just for adults in the Liquid pool which we really enjoyed (cleverly manage... More
	worst place iv ever stayed!! ever, wouldn't stay here again. I do NOT recommend this hotel to anyone, on check in they explained to us we need to leave a holding fee of which will be refunded on check out if we were not to use anything (of which we didn't). I left this holding fee then only on check... More
	We stayed at the Aira hotel in September 2016 great room great hotel very clean one warning dont buy the in room water 12.00 for 700ml walk outside to supermarket 3.00 for 1 Litre same brand maybe the Yorkshire Yorkshire man in me.
	Bad: There is handicap parking for checking in but not close after checking in. Good: Everything was convenient and costs of the buffet were not bad. Prices in the restaurant were affordable.
	This hotel was great and I loved the location! I felt like I was in the middle of all of the action on the strip. We stayed in a corner suite and the views were amazing! the windows are floor to ceiling and offer stunning views of the Vegas strip, even from the bathroom. I would take baths in the... More
	The check-in process was a little lengthy, but staff was pleasant. The rooms are nicely appointed with high tech touches like a tablet to control the drapes, music, temperature. The room wasn't very large, but it was comfy and had great windows views. The bathroom was fabulous. It had a huge shower, with a soaking tub behind it.... More
	The Aria is a beautiful hotel and clearly justifies its 5 star rating, from the deep lush comfy mattress of the beds to the in room tech which is brilliant. The housekeeping is also exceptional, so why is this hotel in my opinion not 100 perfect. I like to wake and rise with a coffee, I would of liked a... More
	The hotel is one of the newer ones on the strip. Location is good. It is in between Bellagio and Monte Carlo, so we can take the free tram that runs between those 2 hotels. The hotel is big and it is a trendy one. Room is in good size. The mattress is abit too soft. There is a coffee... More
	This hotel was amazing and I couldn't stay anywhere else now! I spent a lot of time researching the hotels for my first trip to Las Vegas. I decided to spend a little more (which wasn't a lot in comparison to other hotels for same type of room, maybe 20/night) for the newer hotel based on reviews and online pictures... More
	We stayed at Aria for 7 nights in July and had a great time! The room was large and very nice, with floor to ceiling windows which offered us a great view. The washroom had a separate WC and a large shower my only complaint would be the limited counter space...but I should learn to travel with less toiletries! The... More
	Stayed for 4 days here. The Amenities are awesome. The staff were friendly. The only thing negative during my stay was that I lost money from gambling. The beer was expensive here. Otherwise the whole experience was exceptional.
	This was my second trip to Vegas. Last time we stayed at the Bellagio, which I enjoyed, but we wanted to try something different and settled on Aria. I really like the overall vibe of this property. It's less central than the Bellagio, but we had a great room--and the bathroom was especially nice. I like the push-button Privacy and... More
	Simply spectacular! Fully built with the latest technology mmomento. impeccable luggage service where you make your free baggage check in and go to your room where you deliver it to you at no additional cost! When you open the door of his room, the lights come on automatically, the TV starts up with music, the curtains open, all monitored by... More
	We were on the 19th floor had a great king bed room with a view of the strip. Luckily, we got an email was able to check-in 24 hours prior avoid the * LONG* line to check-in. Instead, we went to the mobile check-in line it literally took less than 5 minutes. The room itself was... More
	Bad: My money was stolen at the valet... room was dirty and had to get another then key card didn't work for new room. Manager did his best but I was disappointed. Good: Location
	Nice clean hotel. Close to everything. Javier's restaurant was great. Caution , do not use or open the fridge unless you are purchasing the items in it. You are not allowed to use it for personal use. Pool was really nice but very crowded.
	We stayed at the tower suites and it was heaven on earth! Great service wonderful view from room and amazing facilities. 4 pools to take your pick and a vibrant casino. Shops, restaurants and bars- all you need!! Highly recommended for a treat!
	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the ARIA. The service, the room and the conference area were great. The room was spacious and very comfortable. I really like that everything was controlled by the tablet in the room. I will stay at the ARIA again when visiting Las Vegas.
	Got married last year at the Aria Chapel and stayed in the hotel for 10 days. We had a great time with our family and friends. Brittany from the wedding staff was very helpfull and nice. The hotel is brand new and very clean, everything is modern. Besides the casino, it have a large entertainment structure, filled up with shows,... More
	Our family stayed at the Aria resort and casino for the first time and it was very nice. We had a corner suite in the tower, which provides access to a special room for checking in. The same room also provide free coffee, soda, water, snacks, and concierge services. There is a security person that checks everyone's room key to... More
	Always a great stay at the ARIA, love the rooms and dining options. Tables get a little high on weekends but that happens. Great location and shopping nearby (high end,shopping) Highly recommend Todd English PUB for drinking and Serrano for eating
	The property is great, and the poker room is the best in Vegas. I've rated the Aria as excellent overall. Since no place is perfect, these comments will address only the imperfections. First, the poker tournament area is in the casino area rather than the poker room proper. It seems to be between two discordant sources of music and in... More
	This is a case of another Vegas hotel that thinks that just because this is Vegas it can treat its patrons like cattle. When you drive up to the hotel there is a sign to self parking. No sign for valet, just self parking. So you follow the sign to find yourself in a gigantic and full parking lot with... More
	We arrived at the hotel my husband and I. We asked for an upgrade we were told you the hostile receptionist there were none which I found hard to believe. The room was mediocre but very dusty and I wouldn't have expected to see that. We were charged resort tax but didn't use the pool or gym. One night we... More
	IF YOU BOOK THERE BE PREPAIRED! YOU NEED AN EXTRA 150 A DAY. In addition to the 35 Resort Fee. And to top it off my room isn't ready. Staying here is like having a pretty girl with an ugly attitude. It only looks good on the outside. The management is terrible
	Good: The hotel is really beautiful! A little old, but clean and comfortable. The price is also good.
	spend my new year holiday in this hotel and we enjoyed . except the bed was not that great that i was expecting. The hotel location, amenity and resturant ... was great but the bed was kind of old loking and soon soft the if i was staying more than 5 ays that we stay we could heve backach!!!
	Stayed at Aria for 3 nights in a King Bedroom. Room decor was modern and comfortable. Bed was very nice and comfy. Automated switches and controls for everything. Bathroom- had a stand up shower and a soaker tub beside it. 2 sinks not too much counter space. Only setback was the water closet had a frosted door and which defeated... More
	I had a fabulous stay. We stayed in the Tower Suite and it was fabulous. I would stay again. The only thing I didn't like is that they didn't have a microwave. I love the bathroom and the view was on the strip so it made it beautiful.
	After several trips to Vegas each year for the last several years The Aria remains one of my favorites. Classy place with great features. Very centrally located so you can get to many shows and other casinos.
	I was skeptical about this hotel after experiencing Area coffee on the lobby level of this hotel, but have to say I am positively surprised. The room is contemporary designed, large enough and really well maintained. everybody who likes a nice style and high quality would be happy to stay here. Yes, I would expect complimentary water in room as... More
	Again was there for work. The rooms are ultra sleek and modern, electronic shades and curtains, full A/V system. What is great is the large bathroom with both a tub and shower and dual sinks. The WiFi in the room worked well. The mobile checkin was screwed up and it was a 50/50 for the people in line when I... More
	excellent service very courteous staff , concierge excellent service ,bell boy very clean rooms the buffet is widely with many different stations of choices and good food the casino is very well located and winning is favorable
	Here's a few observations. We had an early flight in, and we were able to enjoy the pool by getting 'pre' checked in, and texted us when the room was ready. Very nice. Room was fantastic: stand-up shower, tablet that controls lights, drapes, and television. Pool was super, and had adequate seating in shade and sun. Pool drinks: good, but... More
	If you love luxury, impeccably clean rooms, stunning art, and eclectic eateries, than this place is for you. The first time I went to Aria was related to an unfortunately loud guest staying next door to me at another MGM hotel, and I can tell you that the move was the best decision I ever made, because I got to... More
	Second time staying here, staff are always friendly at check in no free upgrade this year! They have started using a mobile check in so you do some of it before you get there and it also helps the line up at check in less of a wait time. Room was great we were at the back of the hotel... More
	Bad: safe is too small for dslr camera or laptop. not acceptable. Good: good location, good food, good price
	2 nights in the Aria were pure luxury. We had an interconnecting room with our teens and so lots of space for us to be tidy and them to make a mess! Obviously this is Vegas so everything else was expensive - the restaurants and parking etc, but as a treat it was perfect. The staff we met were polite... More
	I stayed in the hotel for 5 nights in April for business. Location is convenient to the strip, shopping, and restaurants. Check-in was easy with online check-in. The lobby is beautiful. I had a great view of the strip from my room on the 35th floor. The room is spacious and operates from an iPad beside the bed. When I... More
	I had such a great experience at The Aria Oct.17-20th that I didn't leave the property until it was time to Uber back to McCarran.I was there for the canceled Stones show and Aria was buzzing with a great vibe.Room 21228 was immaculate and housekeeping were on their game.Every single employee I encountered was genuinely polite and gracious.Some of the... More
	Another pleasant stay at Aria. Ask for a room on a high floor if you want a view. Our rooms were on the 4th floor and all we could see was a/c equipment. Brick oven pizza was delicious and buffet filing.
	I really do love staying at Aria! It's very nice, centrally located on the strip, and the service is great, however the last three times I've been there, there's been one or more issues that I've had to call about. From equipment not working, to being checked into an already occupied room, to maid service not being completed. The hotel... More
	In August of 2015, we stayed at the Staybridge Suites as we prepared to celebrate the wedding of our son and his wife. We came in a few days ahead of the wedding party to help out her family with the details of the wedding. We reserved rooms for family, wedding party, and additional guests, having to change the reservations... More
	This hotel is excellent, very clean inside out. I was given a massive room with a kitchen which was well stocked. Service was great and staff very friendly. The hotel is also located in a good place in walking distance of plenty of restaurants and a Starbucks. Will use again
	Having tried 3 other hotels locally I wanted something nicer. I arrived at 7pm and received a warm welcome from Bob. With drinks and a snack meal available I was able to relax without having to sit in another restaurant. Bob was a good host taking care of guests as they arrived and looking after others in the lounge. I... More
	Very good stay with lots of energy.
	I booked a weekend stay at the W for my bachelor party. I booked the room weeks in advance, but the staff said that my room was unavailable due to maintenance. I pressed for the room I booked and eventually got the room I wanted. On top of that, they included drink tickets. The trip started a little rough but it was great. Hotel is situated in a great place and all the amenities like the pool and bar were fantastic.
	Bad: The bar tender in the Casino was not at all friendly or attentive. Good: very nice restored hotel. Excellent condition. Great atmosphere. A very nice place to stay in Downtown Las Vegas
	We love to stay at W Hotels when we travel. This was a business trip and the stay was pleasant. The room was more than adequate. We were disappointed that there were NO drawers in the furniture in the room, so we had to improvise and stack things on the desk. The room was clean and the staff was pleasant. We would definitely choose this location on our next Austin business trip.
	For the price this is a well located hotel with spacious rooms with free coffee and breakfast. You'll need a car in California so with that in mind this location is close to Victoria Gardens, Rancho Cucamonga's premier shopping and dining destination and is about 15 minutes from Ontario Mills retail mall. The room was clean and quiet with no... More
	The hotel I stayed is so-called a 3-star hotel, here was no hot water in my room and I couldn't take shower. Also the A/C in my room didn't work well either, and it cannot give me a comfortable temperature. Then I asked for additional blankets, but they said all were gone. Given such a bad situation, they said they... More
	Very comfortable and plush accommodations at a reasonable price right off Foothills Blvd. Beds were especially comfortable. Breakfast was a little disappointing but varied enough that there was something for everyone
	One of the best hotels I've stayed in - staff is great, location is perfect, and accommodation's/amenities A++ We plan on visiting this hotel again, even if just a weekend getaway. There are restaurants within walking distance, all the stores you would ever need for necessities, but hotel/room is quiet and comfortable.
	We staid at this hotel for two nights. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is great! The Lincoln Park Zoo is 5 minutes walk away, there are multiple bars and restaurants in walking distance and even downtown (Millenium Park) is walkable (about 2 hours walk if you walk slowly and look at all the other fun buildings around). The only negative about the hotel would be bathroom. It was clean but old and in need of an upgrade. We would stay here again if we come back to Chicago.
	I 'crashed' here after an event, so I had done no research like I would have for a getaway. The location was perfect, the room small but stylish, the bathroom classic and efficient. Our bed wasn't as soft as I needed, but I got a decent night's sleep. After a very late night, we woke to a view of the Lincoln Park Zoo and Lake Michigan. We walked the neighborhood, enjoying the people, sights, scents, and vibe of Lincoln Park. I had zero expectations when I checked in, and definitely found myself wishing we were staying a few more days. The decor was classic and a bit whimsical. I loved it!
	Everything was great during our stay except that there was no hot water in the sink.
	I was lucky to be upgraded to a lovely Jr suite with great views of the lake and park. Unfortunately, I was only in town for 24 hours so I couldn't fully enjoy the hotel.
	Hotel is ok. Rooms could be cleaner and smell better. If you are looking for a cool hipster venue...this is it!
	excellent location near convention center. friendly, willing staff. not a true luxury hotel in terms of the room I received, but a comfortable clean room, I didn't really need any more than that. After all you're here to visit San Francisco, not the hotel.
	Bad: rooms are dated, not as clean as I like. casino is crowded - too many machines.
	From start to finish the staff was super helpful. All staff genuinely seemed happy to work there and help guests. The room was comfortable and spacious (a corner room). The vibe is great hip and fun without the pretentiousness of some hipster places.
	I say that because I cancelled my second night stay from an awful hotel downtown and booked my second night at the Hotel Lincoln. Best decision I made the whole trip. The room was great (spacious, clean, well furnished and very modern) and the staff was even better. My wife had a bad stomach ache in the middle of the night and I called down to the front desk and asked if they had any Pepto-Bismol. They said no and started telling me where the nearest Walgreen's was and then stopped and offered to get some money from me and go get it for me since it was the middle of the night. I was super greatful and tried to give him a tip, he wouldn't take it. And that is just one example of how excellent the staff was. Next trip to Chicago I'm staying here again!
	We were disappointed in the room - however, I will say that if you're looking for a small place with a great view and a really nice park directly across the street, this place is perfect. Also, the rooftop bar was great - although a bit pricey. Our disappointment was in the room itself, which was extremely small and not at all comfortable - overall felt like it was way too much money for such an uncomfortable room.
	Decent for the price, my room didn't have a microwave. I inquired about that at checkout, and was told to make sure to ask when I make my reservation. This stay I was on the end of the building away from the railroad tracks, thus giving more restful sleep. Overall good stay.
	Horrible smelly roomsasked for our money back ,since we could not have stayed in this place with my daughter having difficulties breathing in that smell.They told us they will refund-well,the money was never returned to my account.Even when asked a several times.Rude staff.
	Counter staff tried to be helpful, however my problem needed the manager's attention. He was not on site, but could be reached by phone, but refused to talk with me. The lobby smelled like smoke and I wanted to cancel my reservation., which required his ok. Refused to do that or talk with me about my concerns. Consider this motel... More
	Great room. Great service. Excellent cleanliness. I'd recommend this facility to all of my friends and relatives. Great entertainment is near by. Wild Country night club. Felt safe coming and going.
	Our room was nice, clean and comfortable. We have stayed here previously and can tell they have done a few updates. All the front desk personnel were helpful and friendly. The breakfast area is a bit disorganized and cramped. Food was OK, but nothing exciting. The hotel is well located and convenient to get downtown or anywhere else. We had... More
	I stayed in the Pontchartrain Suite so that my daughter her 9 bridesmaids could get ready. It could not have been any better! It was spacious enough for everyone, plus the hair make-up crew, as well as friends stopping by. I'd highly recommend it!
	While you can always look hard enough to find something wrong with a hotel, the Omni for our two nights there was excellent. We experienced a clean room, very friendly and helpful staff, good food, and location. The bellman went out of their way for us and we had no complaints. We would stay there again.
	Bad: Not a thing. Good: The room was nice and clean, bed was very comfy. The restaurants were all great the Buffet was awesome.......... So much to do in the aera
	I loved this hotel! Got in late to find the room lights and tv on! It was great, I didn't have to drag my bags into a dark room and find the lights. So, comfortable, great sleep and oh man great shower!!
	The Omni Royal Orleans is a great place to stay in the French Quarter. A great, safe location near all of the action and within walking distance of many great restaurants. Rooms were very clean and quiet. The Rib Room restaurant has a good menu and the food is very good.
	After a very long day travelling, 2 flights, 14 hrs total. Transfer taxi, no show, finally arrived at the Omni Royal. The receptionist was extremely rude, and not welcoming at all. As were 2 other members of staff. As this visit was for my friend's Special Birthday, and mine, I was not impressed. Especially, as I had contacted the Hotel... More
	Our upgraded balcony room over looked the dumpster. The housekeeping service was VERY POOR. The hotel billed for Wi Fi service that was not used. Towels were never replaced and we had to call for soap.
	This is an older hotel in the French Quarter. Centrally located with all the typical amenities youd look for in luxury lodging (gym, pool, rooftop, in-room dining, restaurant/bar in the hotel room). We didnt use the gym or the pool, but we did order room service and eat at the restaurant (Rib Room). For my taste and money, I like... More
	Outstanding location. Hotel is beautiful and well-kept. Staff very friendly and helpful. Great food. The pool and pool bar are rooftop and offer a panoramic view of the city and river. Very relaxing. Also very relaxing is having a drink and enjoying the pianist in the afternoon. I enjoy the breakfast brunch.
	The location of the hotel is perfect and we were able to walk to places like Caf DuMonde and Bourbon Street. There were several shops and restaurants within walking distance as well. Very clean hotel with a very attentive and courteous staff.
	I have stayed many times at this hotel over the past 20+ years and prefer it to the others I have tried in New Orleans. I have also recommended it to friends and colleagues who were very pleased. It is somewhat pricey but you will not be disappointed.
	Loved the location, service and staff. The rooms were EXTREMELY small. We upgraded to a Deluxe Queen room and was surprised by how tiny that room was. We could not imagine the petite rooms. The staff was accommodating and moved us to a handicapped King room which had much for space for nights 2 3. The hotel is old,... More
	My fianc and I LOVE NOLA! We've been two times in the last year and both times we stay at the Omni Royal. The staff is wonderful and always very accommodating! The location is perfect, only a few blocks from Bourbon, Jackson Square and Decatur!! We stayed in July of 2015 and October of 2015. In July we went up... More
	Bad: Shower Tub clogged. Good: Convenient location. Reasonable food prices. Awesome selection of cuisine. Helpful staff!
	This hotel was Amazing! Though it's not as hip as the W Hotel, The location is amazing - right across the street from K-Pauls and Nola's - two great restaurants. Also, the pool is probably the best of any hotel pool and you really have to have the pool when it's around 90 degrees in the spring and summer. I highly recommend this hotel!
	I have stayed many times over the past several years at this classic hotel. The service from the front desk to the room attendants to the bartenders are top notch. The rooms have very comfortable beds with modern flat screen TV's. The pool is rooftop and has great views of the city. I highly recommend requesting a room on the... More
	I am native to New Orleans, but live elsewhere currently, so I KNOW EXACTLY where to stay when visiting. The location is PERFECT, the hospitality is war and welcoming and the rooms are well appointed, spacious, quiet and comfortable. The hotel has entrances on both Royal (cafes, galleries, boutiques) and Chartres (Jackson Square), so it is central to EVERYTHING in... More
	This was our first time visiting the city of New Orleans. The Omni was the PERFECT hotel. It is in the middle of the French Quarter, but not on crazy Bourbon Street. (You NEVER want to stay on Bourbon Street!!) The hotel was clean and elegant. Our room overlooked Royal Street, which is a beautiful street lined with art galleries,... More
	We always stay at this hotel when visiting New Orleans. It is literally steps from some of the classic restaurants in New Orleans and close to Bourbon Street while still allowing for a good night's sleep. The staff was friendly and helpful without being overbearing. I recommend the larger rooms over the smaller ones, since the small rooms are really... More
	Absolutely LOVED this hotel. Truly the best service, food and location. Classy and polite staff. Our banquet food was delicious and always fresh throughout the day. Staff would whisk away all dishes and place settings when we were finished and my glass or cup was never empty. Accommodations were great. Big beds, big rooms, big bathrooms and an amazing 360... More
	We spent two relaxing nights at the Omni. Wonderful room, helpful staff. Rooftop pool and bar was terrific, a great place to view the City and River during the day or night. We didn'the try the hotel restaurant, since we were tempted by the aromas of other restaurants while walking the French Quarter.
	I would like to say thank you to all the staff, for our stay at the Omni. We were very much surprised when we got to the hotel. Loyalty Ambassador Tia A. Jackson contacted me in advance of our arrival and had ask if we had a special occasion, and I responded yes it was our 40th anniversary of our... More
	The hotel is located on an excellent and very convenient block. Very close to the action, but about a block away from the action at the same time. So perfect for walking back from bourbon street without problems and close enough to walk to where you need to go in French Quarter. The hotel lobby doorman is a nice upscale... More
	Fabulous fun at a great hotel in the middle of the French Quarter! Friendly, helpful staff, lovely clean, comfortable room. Right in the middle of all the action, it was our base for a group visit to the Nola jazz festival. Great to know that after a very full day you could come back to such a lovely home. I... More
	Bad: Hassle checking in confirmation email lost by bookings or Fremont hotel had my email almost didn't use mine scary .
	Definitely the location is there best attribute! , and staff are pleasant . However, As long as you do not end up in a room next to the elevator.( a lot of noise) Also at some point the AC was so loud You feel as if you are in Engine room, As long as you don't need Wi Fi( available... More
	Pets are allowed. You do not know which rooms they allow Pets. I was awakened my first evening four times by two pit bulls barking beside me. Staff moved us to different room next day. Valet parking is too expensive. Rib Room prices are also too high. Rooms with a balcony are the way to go. Good Location for Hotel.
	The room was very clean and you can't beat the location. The Riviera bar and pool on the roof is a nice amenity to have so you can relax for a few hours before the night life. You are walking minutes from whatever you want to do in the French Quarter.
	My husband and I just returned from a 3 night stay. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and it was our first time visiting NOLA. Since it was our first time visiting and we were celebrating a special occasion we booked a king suite with a balcony. The extra price tag was worth it. The balcony was amazing- we overlooked... More
	The location, staff and hotel are fabulous! The hotel was full but I would've never known. It was quiet in the hallways. Everything is right on point. I travel a lot and this is my new favorite spot in NOLA!
	Found the hotel to be conveniently located and tastefully decorated. Service was polite and prompt. My room was great: clean comfortable and again, tastefully decorated without looking suburban-generic. Try to get a balcony room if you can. It's so nice to be able to open the French doors and let the sounds of New Orleans into your room! Loved the rooftop pool, we were lucky enough not to have had too many children to deal with. I would definitely stay here again.
	Love the OMNI for many reasons, the only thing that is a huge disappointment each visit is the cigarette smoking being done in the outdoor areas that we are supposed to be able to enjoy fresh air (the pool, balconies, front door entrance). Rules need to be enforced, rude guests get mad if approached about taking smoking to appropriate areas.
	Omni Royal Orleans offered convenient location, and loads of amenities. The staff is gracious and really makes you feel at home from the second you arrive outside the front entrance. There is a restaurant downstairs where we had an excellent meal, and the lobby bar was fun and relaxing for cocktails. For American standards, the room is small. If you... More
	Cant beat the location of this hotel. Its a block away from Bourbon street and minutes away from Jackson Square and other attractions. Plenty of restaurants near by. Staff was extremely pleasant. The rooms were nice and clean. No complaints overall. Booked the hotel through a package deal and got a great deal.
	Very friendly, great location in the French Quarter very comfortable. It was just down the sidewalk from Bourbon street but far enough to get away from the late night partying. I give it a 5 star rating.
	Bad: Rude staff. Couldnt find our reservations waited 2 hrs to confirm eventhough prepaid..rooms not cleaned. Got smoking instead of non smoking. Will not be staying there anytime soon not. Good: Location
	The room was very clean and beds were extremely comfortable. The hotel staff were so very nice. The location of this hotel is perfect, right in the midst of downtown but not so loud that one cannot rest. We had the best time and this hotel, by far, is one of my favorites. We love the City of New Orleans... More
	This was my first visit to NOLA and chose the Omni on a friends recommendation - was very pleased. Location is excellent, good service and friendly employees. Rooms are small (we upgraded to a deluxe room/queen (still small) but clean, comfy and great water pressure in the shower :). Bar lounge nice (singer Yadonna was very enjoyable). Good Rooftop... More
	We basically picked this hotel off the internet by the nice picture. What a pleasant treat it was right from beginning to end! I cannot say enough about every aspect of this property and I will be staying there for certain on my next trip to New Orleans!
	Lovely hotel, great pool, decent gym, good food, lovely courteous staff, perfect location. You really won't find better in the French Quarter. Only slight criticism is the rooms could be bigger. But they are very clean and well maintained with one of the most comfortable beds I've slept in. Wifi is free if you are staying there - just ask... More
	Had our daughters wedding at the Omni Royal Orleans. All the staff was beyond fantastic. Everyone had a great time, the location of the property could not have been better. The quality of the hotel is great. We had a suite and it was perfect.
	Pleasurable stay other than terrible internet service. Place was clean and in a very good location. Transportation was easily available. Rooms were quiet and special rooms in the hotel were easily accessible. A nice touch was a filled ice bucket when the bed was turned for the night.
	My husband and I visited NOLA to celebrate our first wedding anniversary this past weekend. Upon our late arrival, we were greeted by the Valet and Bell Boy and quickly checked in for our stay. There was a mix up with the room key which stalled our 'settling' for 30 minutes, but we were told that the woman that assigned us the keys was on medication from a dental operation. The room was lush but small - neither of us minded, since we would be tourist hopping and eating all day any...view moreway. The view was great, and we were pleased that it was located far enough from Bourbon that you couldn't hear the crazy screaming drunkenness (though, Saturday was a bit louder than Friday). Room service was excellent and speedy. Information was readily available and the hotel was really clean. We didn't get to explore the upper deck pool area or dine at the Rib Room, but plan on staying here again - it's in the middle of everything and a really great value!view less
	Stayed 3 nights for a conference. The rooms are small as this is a historic property, but very nicely decorated, clean and comfortable. There are dimmers on the lamps, robes and nice sheets. Outlets on side of bedside table. Lovely roof Pool and bar. Service was fabulous from fast check in to housekeeping to wake up calls.
	We arrived early and we hadn't slept. Our room wasn't ready. They finally gave us a room just to sleep in until our room was ready. Thank You!!!! Staff was friendly. Pool was clean and had a nice view with a breeze. Will definitely be back!! I've stayed in many hotels in New Orleans. This one is my favorite.
	Stayed at this property while on a convention. Hotel is on an old building but nicely renovated. Noise is a problem, though bring ear plugs or ask for a room that doesn't face the street side, as the party goes on all night.
	Bad: Room was a lot smaller than I expected, and seemed a bit rundown. Not to mention we were supposed to be on a floor that was nonsmoking. The floor smelled of a smoking lounge. Good: Location and staff were awesome. Had a great view of Freemont street from our room.
	Finally Made a reservation with Omni after many attempts. Their reservation system would put call on hold for a long time. Should have been a warning on things to come I finally called the front desk and they connected me to reservations. Made a reservation to check in May 28th, three nights. Requested early check in This was a special... More
	Had a balcony room. Wonderful! Clean, comfortable and great view. Bell staff is tops - best of all hotels we have ever stayed with. Rooms have recently been renovated. Much better now than in recent past.
	Bad: Would have enjoyed a restaurant in the hotel with a bar. One additional chair in the bedroom would have been great. Good: Clean room, comfortable beds, nice location and a friendly staff.
	Bad: We felt that the hotel was overpriced for the amount we paid. Neither my wife nor I felt that it was worth 265 a night. We make it a point to stay at Hilton properties whenever possible, and this was our first visit to a Hilton Garden Inn it will probably be our last. While the property was nice, it was not what I expected for the price. We get a better value from Hampton Inns. Good: Our room was well appointed and comfortable. As I have come to expect from Hilton properties overall, the hotel was nice.
	Bad: Outside the center and hard to reach without car! Internet usage requires registration with many personal details. Good: Good offer for the price!
	Bad: The television was so small that it could barely be seen from the bed. The fitness room was way below par, only two working machines. And, the HVAC in the room was balky, loud, clunky and less than adequate. Good: Location for me was excellent. Breakfast was a real value and the size of the room was really large.
	Bad: Lavatory very small for a large bathroom.
	Bad: Shower liner needs replacing. Upgrade of toilet tissue. Also, would be very nice to have Alittle something to pick up an eat, in the morning, in the lobby area. Good: Bed very comfy! Coffee in room Loved the delicious cookies you had in the lobby area, along with the wonderful fruited water!!!!! Our favorite!!!! That was just perfect in the late afternoon after coming back from Williamsburg!!
	Bad: Front desk guy was grumpy at check in. Breakfast was very confusing, half buffet half waited on. Good: Clean convenient location
	Bad: Short on hot water during the evening. It was fine during the morning hours. When I mentioned this at the desk they promised to look into it and adjusted my bill to compensate. Good: Very clean, attractive. Good value for the money.
	Bad: wifi is chargeable. Good: location, casino was cheap, food is just in the hotel (buffet, donuts, etc)
	Good: excellent hotel in great position, very friendly efficient staff, great on site cooked breakfast, very good dinner menu and excellent evening bar. Well positioned for many restaurants in walking distance. Onsite pool and gym
	Bad: The bed was so uncomfortable that I am still soar tired a day from being home. The curtain would not close completely to block out pole light.
	We hosted corporate meetings here for 15-20 people for about a week and in short, i will never go back again. The rooms were fine, but the meetings were not the best and the food at the restaurant was very slow and closed early. We had working lunch catered and some of the sandwiches were moldy and service terrible when... More
	I would recommend the property and would happily stay there again,. I think the room was fairly clean, even though because of the decor and color scheme, at first impression, it gave the appearance that it wasn't. The bedding was fine, though there was a hole in the bedspread. The towels were clean, but there was stains that appeared to... More
	A no frills location in a residential area. Close to freeways, 7/11, Starbucks and a Mexican restaurant/nightclub. Check in was quick and not welcoming but to the point. Parking lot could be an issue cause of the size but it wasn't packed at check in so we avoided the dilemma. The elevator in the lobby was convenient, quick and a... More
	We were just there for the 2012 Rose Bowl. The staff was extremely helpful in assisting us as to how to get around town. They went out of their way to see that we were helped. It's not the Grand Hyatt by any means, but it was clean and quiet. Rick's Burgers across the street had great meals for a... More
	My only issue is that I have expierienced better Wyndham hotels for cheaper prices in my area. Bigger rooms to bigger in-room jacuzzi units to better overall atmosphere to the room. Service or cleanliness was not lacking here just overall quality of rooms compared to other Wyndham hotels.
	When going places I like to see a landing point of a nice place of class. Clean rooms with a decent size to go along with it is a prayer.
	Carpet so dirty that upon entering shower the foot prints would not rinse off the tub. Laundry room directly below room would shake entire room when maids were doing laundry.
	Not enough pillow, dingy shower curtains, bad TV reception. TV mounted in location that it hard to view television. Room almost 100.00 dollars, not worth it, will never stay there again.
	Bad: needs to be updated a bit forsure. Good: i like that they upgraded our room for one night the beds were very comfy and staff were great and we felt very safe after what happened
	General manager was rude at checkin and would not let me checkin for an hour. I had pre arranged to have room prepaid and he refused
	Really nice hotel in an awesome area of Cali. Love this city, A LOT!!
	The motel is close to highway I-405 and very close to LAX airport. The surrounding can be very noisy. We stayed one night in the motel because we had an early flight from LAX. It's good for just one night.
	came here for a business trip, they accommodated us to no end. The staff really did a great job tending to us!
	This hotel was nice and clean.Walking distance to several restaurants,it was an easy drive to get there.
	the rates are fabulas, the facilities are clean. The location is perfect. very impressed
	I got a great deal on this place on Hotels.com for 81/night. Otherwise, I wouldn't have chanced it. I've always stayed at the name brand hotels and didn't see anything appealing about this hotel from their pictures online. I stayed for two nights in a room on the second floor of building 6. The lobby is kind of strange. There... More
	This was a great place to stay. It was quiet. our room had a balcony with a view which is something we absolutely needed. The staff was nice and helpfull and the breakfast was exactly what we like. breads bagels yogurt fruit hard boiled eggs and cereals, perfect.
	We wanted to stay away from the city in a smaller place, so we ended up in Sausalito. Friendly welcome. We had a room on the ground floor, which was very clean and spacious. There was some noise from some water feature outside, but that didn't really bother me. The room had a lovely dcor. Nice breakfast with fresh fruit,... More
	The room was absolutely beautiful! We arrived before check-in, and our rooms were ready to go. There was an ample amount available for breakfast, and the wine and cheese nights were very relaxing and fun to attend. We met wonderful people staying at the inn with us... made the atmosphere very friendly and homey. The staff were an excellent group,... More
	Bad: Only thing I would have changed is the climate control. It did not go anywhere near as high as I would like for it to go. Maybe it was just my room, but definitely could have been cooler. Good: Got more than what I expected from this hotel! They let me choose what floor I wanted to be on, which I've never gotten from anywhere else. Location is PRIME. Fremont Street is right outside their doors! The room is just like any other average hotel. It was very clean and comfortable. Michael Ovalles was very helpful in showing us around. He also helped us get our player cards and a complimentary deck of cards to enjoy our stay!
	I am shocked how kind and courteous and simply nice the staff is at this hotel. The front desk ladies are fantastic. Kind, sweet, cute, and genuinely customer oriented. The evening Kick Back cocktail reception is amazing as well. Full on dinner if you like every night at 5:30pm with a full bar!!! And the food and beverage staff are... More
	The two room suites are very clean an well maintained. We stay at Ocean Suites a couple of times a year and are always happy with the accommodations. The mini kitchen has a full size refrigerator, microwave, oven, coffee maker with coffee provided. Pots and pans along with dishes are provided. They even have coffee sweetener, a wine bottle opener,... More
	The property is very attractive inside and out. When the sun came out I noticed flower baskets hanging under the staircase on the main building and some trumpet vine, and fuchsias blooming on the hillside. The decoration and practicality of the interior is very well planned. The interior pictures of nature and local scenery provided cheerful ambience. I noticed the... More
	This is close to Pasadena City College and a close walkinto old town.My in laws stayed here and they were very happy with this hotel,clean,good price and clean!
	The three best things about the Saga Motor Hotel: location, location, location. Right on Colorado Boulevard, across the street from Pasadena City College, the Saga can best be described as a 1950s motor lodge. That is, its a place you can sleep in relative comfort, but the decor is sadly in need of updating. The TripAdvisor photo taken in 2011... More
	Nice hotel in SLO. staff was friendly and they had cookies and coffee when we checked in. Only minor complaint was the continental breakfast was a little on the light side. But there are plenty of places to eat in SLO so other than that it was great.
	The Positives: Most of the staff was very friendly. Good location. Hotel clean. Beds comfortable. The Negatives: Too expensive for what you get. Breakfast was just OK No coffee in the breakfast area or choice of milk with cereal. Had to wait a long time for items to be refilled. Bathrooms small. Stingy on the towels. Lobby very small, not... More
	My experience here was pretty Awesome! The staff was very Helpful with whatever I needed and any questions I had about the area! I Would Recommend This place over and over! Very Happy with Staying here!!
	We wanted to stay in San Luis Obispo on our way home. We found this inn very nice, well kept. Can't complain about the location, near to a lot of restaurants. Not too much road noise. It has a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker.
	The staff was very friendly and they made check-in super fast. My family and I got there a little early they checked the room and since it was clean they got us in early. One of the best stays I've had in a hotel. We will definitely be staying here again in the future.
	Bad: The shower didnt drain. The pillows were horrible. My feet stuck to the carpet in the room. Good: Location
	Located very close to SLO Performing Arts Center which was very convenient. Room was clean and appointments were ok. Check in was a bit strange, no towels pool / Jacuzzi area, lots of traffic noise from HWY 101. The price seemed high for the accommodations, and we were given a room adjacent to the elevator, which made for more... More
	Only spent 1 night here. Clean and spacious rooms. Good varied breakfast included. Bed was very comfortable. Would recommend this motel for short stays. Free parking. San Luis Obispo itself is a very nice town!
	Stayed for Business. Will not come back. The room was small for 2 beds. The Sheets had cigarette burnt stains.
	Worst place ever for family room was smelly and office staff not helpful
	Furniture and fixtures were in desperate need of repair and updates. Desk was wobbly. Furniture was scratched. AC unit looked like it was going to die. Toilet seat was worn and needed to be replaced, etc.
	WE FOUND THIS PLACE TO BE VERY NICE AND PLEASENT I JUST HAD TO WRITE SOMETHING FOR THIS PLACE THIS IS A GREAT PLACE AND A GREAT MANAGER WE HAD CLEAN CRISSSSSPPP BED SHEETS GREAT BED AND PLENTY OF HOT WATER, THE ROOMS WAS CLEAN BUT I GUESS BECAUSE ITS OLD LOOKS AS IF IT IS NOT CLEAN AND SAME FOR THE BATHROOM IT WAS VERY CLEAN BUT NOT NEWER I GUESS WE ARE USE TO SEEING NEW HOMES WE FEEL WHERE EVER WE GO WE EXPECT NEW STYLE ROOM BUT FOR THE PRICE I GOT 5 STAR SERVICE FOR ONE STAR HOTEL AND THE LOCATION I WAS SO CLOSE TO CONVENTION THE CASINO RESTARUNT AND THE AIRPORT, NOW WHAT MOORE CAN I ASK FOR CLEAN ROOOM CLEAN BED SHEETS AND PLENTY OF HOT WATER FOR THE MONIES I PAID FOR I GOT A GREAT DEAL.
	Stayed here for 10 nights Rooms very Clean, Kitchenette very very well provided paper Towel everything you need Except a kettle (hey I am British). The only one very little gripe more chairs outside would be good. Laundry room clean and washers and driers very good
	My family found our way to Hyatt Valencia as a result of a catastrophic Gas Well blow-out. Governor Brown declared a state of emergency and more than 4,400 people from my community were relocated to hotels. It was our misfortune to wind up at the Hyatt Regency Valencia. They took FULL ADVANTAGE of the situation, of us, and even the... More
	We booked this hotel last minute. We thought it was going to kind of A mediocre room. When we arrived there was plenty of parking and best of all parking is free. When checking in the two gals at the front desk were very pleasant. Check in was super fast and easy. When we arrived to our room we were... More
	This Hyatt is a great place. Clean, quiet, friendly staff, nice bar, great happy hour, well located and responsive to your needs. We will stay here again without a doubt. It was a little noisy from other patrons slamming fire doors. That was not the hotel's fault. That came from people with no social graces.
	Hotel Zelos was a great place to stay in San Francisco. The staff is definitely the highlight of the hotel. The hotel itself is great: clean, well decorated, etc, but the people who work there were very helpful and friendly. The location is great being right next to the Powell BART station but the neighborhood is under construction. This obviously isn't the fault of the hotel and won't impact your stay. We couldn't hear any of the construction, but it makes it a little more difficult to get around. Overall, I definitely recommend Hotel Zelos!
	Bad: Seemed old, our ac didnt work. Good: Location
	This hotel has all the amenities we wanted. The bar is wonderful. The food in Vines, the restaurant, is exceptional. We have enjoyed the wait staff tremendously every time we dine there. The location of the hotel is in a very nice area with many restaurants. For families, it is close to Magic Mountain.
	We were looking for a quick low key weekend escape to get out of the heat, without breaking the bank, Upon arrival, staff was friendly, check in was a breeze, the hotel and grounds were excellent. Location was close to dining, shopping and nightlife. Will definitely return!
	One of the girls at check-in had zero personality. actually she was draining. Outside my view room was the obstruction of a white wood gazebo. I don't understand this to be a view. The room service selection price and quality was excellent!
	There was a restaurant charge on my invoice for 139.00 and I contacted the front desk to notify them that I did not eat at their restaurant, charge a meal to my room or order room service so obviously someone used by credit card info on file to charge a meal. The person working the front desk was dismissive and rude and just said We'll look it to it. I told him that was not good enough I wanted to know if my charge info and identity was compromised so I could notify my bank. I'll cut to chase he was no help. I asked to speak to a manage but I was told there was not manager on duty so two hours later I finally spoke to a manager Jim who told me the charges would be reversed in 3 days...I still don't know if my personal info has been compromised and I have to monitor my account everyday and the charges have still not been reversed. Terrible customer service. Bob
	The Hyatt Valencia, located near Magic Mountain in non-descript Santa Clarita is a dressed up basic hotel. Adding lots of marble flooring and mildly hip decor cannot disguise some neglect and oversights that lower end chains now provide. The ice machine was out on at least two floors the night I was there, and there are no electrical outlets near... More
	Centrally located centrally located close to centres. Great place to crash after a long flight from Melbourne. Room is well serviced and clean staff very friendly. Nice grounds with swimming pool. However only complaint is the balcony suit with pool views has no views
	So this isn't the best motel out there but the price is right and if you are just looking for a place to crash for a night it will do. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. You can bring your pets in the room with you. It's close to the freeway and Marie Callendars (which has wonderful breakfasts). Try it out you won't be disappointed.
	First of all, the owner manager both are very rude. The room I stayed in was not that clean when I first checked in. There was and probably still is writing on the walls. Not only that, but there are a lot of cockroaches, semi-torn carpet, and the walls have black fingerprints that look like they have been there... More
	Ok place to stay but nexr time i'm in Morro Bay i will definitely look for someplace else. There was no phone in the room, no extra toilet paper, no clean washcloths the second and third days.
	I booked our rooms on the Internet - didn't see any accessible rooms listed or that there was no elevator. I did write notes as to our needs, but we were originally going to be in a room on third floor with no elevator. The gal who checked us in offered a cottage on first floor for same price, which... More
	Bad: good. Good: yes
	We had a room on the top Floor. Which was nice because you could see the sea It was very spacious and very clean. And a cosy fireplace. The room was up to date as well. It was nice to have some modern furniture for a change Breakfast was very good too but some fruit would be nice. Oh and... More
	Hesitant to book after reading reviews but turned out good. Staff very nice. Room clean and spacious. Bed was comfortable with clean sheets. Don't know why people complained about the continental breakfast. They had cereal, waffles, muffins, good coffee, juice, etc. in a clean environment. The complainers need to realize this is not a bed breakfast or a gourmet restaurant. Had a first floor room and could hear upstairs foot falls but that is to be expected in any motel. Good thing no noisy people tho. Second night rate (Saturday) was way overpriced for this place. Would recommend if only staying a few days. This motel is just a plain vanilla.
	I always take cleaning wipes,side of table,remote control and door handles dirty,lamp shades torn,no sprinkler system not in mine or my daughter's room. Manager very nice,breakfest good,the waffles were a nice surprise,arrears very quite.
	We had a great time!
	This was the only place we could find that was under 200/night, available last minute, and received decent recent reviews. The staff is nice, room is clean and beds were comfortable. I had a hard time sleeping because it was a bit stuffy as there is no AC. It's definitely not worth the rate, but considering what other hotels were... More
	I found a large bug in the bathroom, someone else's old coffee filter bag in the coffeemaker, shower curtain bar broken, and on a near freezing night (35 deg low), the heat didn't work, it only made a dangerous sounding electrical noise.
	Or stay was just okay, hotel in need of some work.
	I bought a night at this location off of Trip Advisor and I got a really good rate for this area. The bed was awesome I had a really good night sleep. The view of the ocean was very tiny and I was told that if I wanted a better view I'd have to pay more even though there were... More
	Sink had leak, which soaked the entire counter top. Given rags to wrap around the faucet and told that no maintenance person available. Given option to move on last night there. Outlets do not work, plugs fall out. Coffee pot never cleaned out. Towels received were stained. On first arrival, toilet had some poop floating in it. Phone did not work, no dial tone, no way to contact front desk. Went to continental breakfast, and muffins were covered with ants. She put them away, but next morning, the muffins served were stale. I believe she saved them and served them the next day.
	We arrived late (after 9pm), so we called ahead to let them know. This was no problem and the front desk woman was very courteous. Our room was spacious and included a refrigerator and microwave. The accommodations were clean and comfortable. We felt the hotel was a good value for the price.
	Bad: Smoking. Good: Not crowded
	Good location, walking distance to shops and restaurants. Just a few minutes from the beach.
	WiFi was bad spent four days there and got on WiFi 2 times . Water pressure was low. And no decaffeinated coffee. Coffee pot only makes 2 tiny cups of coffee anyway.
	The Aloft Cleveland is located at the beginning of the Flats area in downtown Cleveland. This Starwood propety is a trendy hotel with uniform rooms...all rooms look alike and offer the bare minimum in decor..a very comfortable bed..nice stall shower...not no comfy chairs or real decor....It's designed for a younger traveler who doesn't care for many creature comforts...don't look for... More
	In Cleveland on a weekend trip to visit my daughter. We booked through Travelocity and got a more than reasonable rate for airfare and lodging at Aloft. The hotel is hip, modern and new. It's in the center of a growing nightlife on the water front of downtown. Our room faced the popular Punch Bowl club and it was clearly... More
	Came out here to see my friends band play at the flats just across the street from Aloft! The hotel is in a great location! Great food all around and walking distance. Cool view of some huge bridge! Right next to the water (always stoked when I'm near water!) Rooms were clean and very modern! Great place to stay! Would... More
	Shoney's is right next door and the Carroll's General Store is just a quick drive behind the motel. This made all the difference in the world.
	Wi-fi was hit or miss, breakfast was not good.
	It was a good clean stay.
	Was in town for business, stayed only 1 night. By far one of the best HIE i have stayed at! Whenever i travel i tend to stay at them. It is not that often and usually not in larger cities. The room was clean, even the bathroom where most hotels lack. Bed was comfy as were the pillows. The TV....super... More
	Absolutely Awesome Hotel and Service for families. We (team families) stayed here for a Girls Fastpitch Tourn and it had everything needed to entertain the team parents before after games. Pros Pool, Breakfast Laundry Room In room Fridge and Microwave Lots of seating in and around lobby to gather and meet for everyone. Office/computer room in lobby area... More
	Bad: The ventilation system was not adequate for the building. Everything including room smelled like cigarette smoke. Good: restaurant
	I was on my way to Cincinnati and stopped over for the night. My room was very nice and the area was nice and quiet. If you have kids they will like the pool and splash park. I didn't use the area, but saw kids in and out all day/night and parental supervision is required which is nice. As a... More
	Several years ago during an area ice storm and widespread power outage, our family checked into this hotel. We were able to obtain a room at a significantly reduced rate which shows the generosity and helpful community spirit of the Daly family who own/manage this and other businesses. The room was clean, comfortable, and met all of our needs. Superior... More
	Wedding party outside in pool area until 4:30 in morning. Very loud. Front desk was ignorant to whole event even tho you could see outside tables from lobby. Room was below average with door that seemed broken and toilet rocked on floor. Worst night at a hotel in 30 years. Unconcerned personnel with indifferent attitude was the worst. Never stay... More
	Stayed one night and it was perfect for our travel plans. The hotel is quiet, clean and up to date. The staff was friendly and efficient. Loved the bright color scheme and all the big fluffy towels in the bath. The water pressure was out of this world. The lighting a bit dim in the bathroom but overall a perfect... More
	We having been coming to Hollywood, FL for quite a few years now. Every year we stay somewhere different because we haven't found THE ONE. This is it!!! We found THE ONE!!!! Great property! The room are clean...NO BUGS!!! Beautiful, tropical courtyard right outside our door to hang out at night. Perfect for those evenings that that are too windy,... More
	The QI in Weeki Watchee is far enough enough away from Tampa to be out of the madness that is US-19 yet close enough for daytrips to the Tampa area as well as up the Gulf coast. Very reasonable rates. Service was excellent, friendly and helpful staff. The lady who took care of the breakfast bar was especially attentive. We... More
	My family and I drove about 4 hours to visit Weeki Watchee Springs very early Saturday morning and had reserved a room for the same night sine it's less than a mile from the park. When we got to Weeki Watchee the park was already full and we didn't really have a plan B. The hotel was very accommodating and... More
	First I want to say a big Thank You to everyone at Ramada who made my stay such a memorable one.I was greeted at the airport with a warm welcome from Mario the van driver who remember me from the time he saw me on the pavement, Alberto at concierge who welcome me back.Marielys Ana in the restaurant at... More
	We are repeat guests to Ramada but sadly this will be our last stay as we will be looking to take our family elsewhere. This was our first vacation that we could not wait to get back home. I am employed at one of the leading hotels in Barbados and was very disappointed with the service of the hotel and... More
	Stayed for a total of eight days. Rooms spacious and updated recently. Everything in working order. A/C a bit noisy, but working fine. Overall, Hotel is showing its age here and there, but it is good value for the price. As stated in previous reviews, they do have the slowest elevator in the world (but it is working). The guest... More
	Bad: The room was hot the ac didn't work . the beds looked like full beds had to put both together . other than that everything else was fine. Good: It was nice staying at the Fremont loved going out to the street to see everything happening all the bands playing never did that before .
	Very strong smell in the hallways I was in the last room on the second floor and the internet did not work They offer storage of luggage service but not allowed to leave the luggage after checkout. Extremely rude clerk who answered me in the checkout
	There's a newer Ramada closer to the airport, but because Ramada appears to be all franchise, you never know what you're getting, and this was bad. Our reaction confirmed by a fellow traveler, returning from Ecuador, the next morning -- her bathroom had pipes leaking brown fluid in wall. A woman possibly seeking trade was buying beers from the shop... More
	I don't even know how this place is still operating. The girls at the checkout desk are rude and confrontational. Their faces depict people that are being forced to work... Not helpful whatsoever. Unprofessional! Checkout took for ever and they don't know how to explain things. The AC in some rooms don't work. Please send those ladies to customer service... More
	we were here one night with our 3 boys and I have to say that the girl that checked us in and checked us out (same person but forgot her name) was awesome! usually when we walk into a place with our 3 crazy boys we are instantly judged or get eye rolls, but she was so friendly and engaged... More
	Great stay love the see through shower. My reservation was confirmed but not booked. I was booked extremely fast. The service was fast and very friendly. All smiles. I enjoyed playing pool. The decor is fabulous and sheik
	I went here with friends from work and we had a good tome. They have a small bar area but was good enough for the ten of us. Only drawback was the slow food service as it took over an hour for chicken tenders. Probably would go to a different place next time.
	Overall great stay. Clean modern hotel with friendly staff. Free internet. Very nice breakfast with individualized orders. Rooms were very comfortable and modern. Bathroom spacious. My first stay in Aloft hotels. Will return to this chain.
	We were looking for a nice hotel to stay for a couple of days and we wanted to take our dog for her first trip.. This was more than we expected! Personal so nice and attentive, the place is so beautiful and dog treats!! We love this place!
	The motel has a pleasant classic feel and appearance which is slowly disappearing from our cities. It was clean and the grounds were well kept. I enjoyed the casual atmosphere.Prices were appropriate. The pool area is nicely set up.
	My favorite place in clearwater,minutes from the beach and shopping malls,grocery stores,supermarkets,Very clean rooms,kitchen,sleep beds,TV,o.m.g.beautiful...I had so much fun at the pool,you can even cook at the pool, courtious service by the staff,fred,bonney,catalina..just ask and they get whatever you need,grace and fonze are the owners and they are just great people.Reasonable prices for clearwater.My kids have a ball there.i stay for month's out of a year,would not stay anywhe...view morere else.Heated pool...i can go on and on,but they are my reviews,enjoy your stay,i guarantee you will go back.... MIKE ELSIE,AND KIDSview less
	Bad: Valet scrapped my car on the wall and no fridge in the room. Good: It was clean and close to everything!
	Charming historical hotel in downtown Historic hotel in downtown Bradenton with beautiful lobby. Friendly staff. My room was huge and well-appointed. The complimentary breakfast was adequate but nothing special. Very convenient - just a few blocks from Main Street restaurants, the museum, and river walk.
	Call to get their websiter Get new rooms and low rates toor 10 off for veterans and students
	This motel is reasonably priced, has a great location, beautiful pavilion complete with grills/smokers and picnic tables and easy access to the beach. The staff is friendly and the rooms are perfectly nice for an inexpensive getaway. Will definitely stay here again. Great job, Sea Aire. Keep it up!
	This hotel will never be considered luxurious, BUT the charm, staff, and grounds make up for it. The rooms are comfortable and very functional. Close walk to old cocoa village, with great restaurants all within walking distance. I am local but still go out of my way to stay there!
	Loved it did not expect to be that great the owners are just wunderful loved it and enjoyed give them ***** stars anytime thank u guys so much can't wait to go back . Best family vacation ever thanks to the owners.
	Close to all the beautiful beaches. Resort appears outdated from the outside but pretty nice inside the rooms. Tiki bar is the gem of the resort, what a fun time. Would come back for sure. Bath tub was a little gross, shower head was shady but sht happens!
	Small but comfortable. Staff was friendly. Room was relatively quiet considering the nearness to a busy street and freeway. Parking lot was easy to get in and out of if you use the sidestreet entrance. Close of lots of places to eat. Saved me a lot of commute time to LA. Breakfast was good. Food was fresh and lots to... More
	We enjoyed our stay at the Beast Western Royale in Pasadena. The King Suite was very clean and well appointed. They have a nice pool and spa area. There are restaurants within walking distance. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was delightful, fresh fruit, sausages, hash browns, eggs, cereal, waffles, pancakes. Just about everything you might want.... More
	We stayed here for two nights on our way to Orlando. Abundant, tasty breakfasts, modern rooms with cable and wifi, friendly staff, free and easy parking but a very poor gym with out-of-order equipment.
	Excellent place to stay. Cheryl made our family feel welcomed. Proximity to all the entertainment and fun was absoluty perfect !! Thank you for making our stay that much more enjoyable ! Tony , Bev and Boys
	Bad: Non smoking rooms smelt like smoke and just all the cigerate smoke throughout hotel. And room drains slow draining. Good: I liked the lanai restaurant and valet parking
	My family stayed here over the July 4th holiday. We were with 5 other families who had previously gone camping together for several years. We all enjoyed the camping experience, but wanted an alternative to a tent. This location was perfect. The kids were all able to play and swim, we could have group meals and sit by a campfire... More
	I stayed here twice last summer and it was well worth it. There are plenty of stores and restaurants near by, and the beach is within walking distance. The pool is small, but very nice and clean (which you don't always find). The rooms don't look like a palace, but they are reasonable as are the prices. The area is... More
	I spent three nights (Friday through Sunday) here the weekend after Labor Day. I had a wonderful stay. The rooms were well appointed, had everything I need. I was in the motel section. Two good size bedrooms, kitchenette with two burners, a microwave, utensils, plates, etc....a dining area, a couch, full size frig/freezer, a working TV and remote (think it... More
	As usual Hampton Inn is good and doing everything to make your stay a good experience Good overall experience Breakfast is always a strongest point of any Hampton Inn Location is the best for people looking to eat around because it is located in industrial -office type complex Close to I-95
	stayed in Saco with some co workers, some pretty good restaurants near the hotel, and close enough to get to Portland next day, get business done and hit a good restaurant ion PORTLAND! stayed in two other similar hotels this trip, service here was really accommodating and friendly, nice touch
	My family and I were overly pleased with the staff especially housekeeping. Traveling with a 4 and 1 year old can be challenging and the staff assisted with a couple bumps in our trip and made us fell welcomed. Hope to return next year to run the marathon again.
	I would stay again! Clean and comfortable. Breakfast ladies were super friendly and made sure everyone had what they wanted and were not rushed to clear everything off the shelves like some places are. Made us feel relaxed and welcome there. Thank you!
	While nice looking on the outside and in the lobby the rooms leave much to be desired! Upon checking in we spent the next 15 minutes chasing and squishing black bugs around the floor. The mattress is very old and worn down, quite lumpy with the edges collapsing.
	Nice location, friendly staff, good breakfast,and evening snacks. Room was clean parking lot was well lit. One big thing for me was the dishes and cooking utinsils, they we clean and well organized. I would love to stay again.
	The place is great. We stayed with a baseball team and it was a good time. The entire place is new and super clean. The front desk staff has a great attitude and treat guest right. They have complimentary waters, too.
	Bad: The wait to enter the buffet was too long never got in the whole week.. When I went to the other restaraunt I was told I couldn't order certain items as they are for happy hour only so I left. They also did not have a pool or any alternative except travel 18 miles to their other facility and use their pool. They never even gave me a discount for lack of this facitilityor even notifying me as I made my reservation months in advance, I also did not like having to park outside of the parking garage only cause I was riding a motorcycle the parking garage was for cars only. I felt as though I was a second class citizen, no laundry facility service or machines . Good: The location was good and the staff especially the cleaning of my room was great.
	This hotel is decent. The lobby is nice and has a sitting area and computer with Internet access. There is also free WiFi. It has a hot tub and pool, as well as a hot breakfast. The room was clean as expected and pretty spacious. There is a flat screen TV, microwave, and fridge as well. Would stay again if... More
	Brand new hotel and GREAT STAFF! We got the GIANT 2 queen suite...the room was ENORMOUS! Quiet and a wonderful breakfast included! Great location and greeted with wonderful courtesy. Any question or concern was immediately taken care of!
	Three couples met there for husbands reunion of Vietnam buddies. It was everything a group would want and more. Great breakfast, evening food was great, drinks were great, Dana and Roger at desk were great and the whole staff was super friendly and always asked us if everything was OK and did we need anything. Rooms were immaculate and location... More
	we usually stay in Hilton Products. I had read an article about Drury and was intrigued so we decided to expand our horizons WOW, am I glad we did! From the reservation clerk through the housekeeping staff everyone was friendly, always smiling, eager to offer assistance. This was a somber trip as we had just lost our grandmother and had... More
	This hotel accommodated multiple family reunions very well. You can't beat the location. It's directly across from the mall, walking distance to several restaurants and minutes drive to others. Yet, you don't have to leave if you don't want to. There's a heavy manager's reception each evening with complimentary adult beverages and a buffet meal: pasta, hotdogs, meatballs, baked potatoes,... More
	I spent two days here on a business trip had never stayed in a Drury before. This was a very pleasant surprise. Staff was very friendly and accommodating, helped me out when a scheduling mixup (my fault) could have led to serious difficulties. Breakfast was very good and they even had a 5:00pm snack time with hot food, popcorn, etc.... More
	We have found that Drury Hotels are usually very clean and updated. This hotel was very nice. Staff was friendly and professional. Generous with bath towels which is appreciated. Excellent breakfast. Free newspaper a bonus.
	We made our reservation late in the day, but we scored a good deal especially for as busy as it was. We were put in a room right where the elevators were, but we didn't have any problems and slept well. The bed was a bit too hard and the pillows way to soft for me. The hot breakfast is... More
	This is my second stay at one of Drurys hotels. For the second time, I was pleased with the well-appointed rooms, the excellent facility for groups, and the tasteful dcor found throughout the hotel. Dogs are allowed to accompany guests, provided these are well behaved and do not disturb other guests. There is an adequate and FREE dinner, along with... More
	I stayed here on a business trip the hotel was clean and my room even had a recliner in it. The staff were helpful and pleasant and the wifi was nice because no password was required. I really enjoyed the afternoon buffet plenty to choose from along with two free drinks.
	Bad: Short staffed at the registration desk. Good: Great location and price was right
	We stopped at the Drury Inn on June 24th for a night as we headed to South Carolina. The Drury Inn was a pleasant surprise. It was a crowded night but everyone working could not have been nicer and efficient. We had a connecting room with family which was so helpful. The complimentary drink was a nice surprise and the... More
	Nice prices, very close to the mall, fantastic staff, nice and clean rooms, very comfortable beds :-) All over would we stay with Drury again :-) Hope you open hotels in even more cities. Great concept with the free evening snacks and free soda. We will be back.
	My husband and I stayed here while driving from Florida to Boston for a move. It was our first stay at a Drury Inn, and compared to comparably priced hotels, I thought it was really nice. The room was spacious and comfortable, clean and quiet. Breakfast was typical of similar chains. My only complaint--as a tea drinker, I was very... More
	This is a great deal. The amenities are awesome and include a cocktail hour with a hot bar. The location is ideal, and the staff is excellent. The building is well maintained and the rooms are spacious, comfortable, and attractive.
	We usually look for Drury Inns when we travel. This location is very convenient off the highway. I liked the out door area by the pool. We had a great suite, highly suggest the suites to families. The mall is across the parking lot and convenient.
	We stayed Resurrection (Easter) weekend. We were all pleased with our rooms and the service provided. My room had a toilet that was kept getting stopped up 5 mimutes after we walked in (no heavy duty use occured lol). Maintenance quickly fixed the issue. However, this was a continuing issue the next day and we were given a plunger to... More
	When we came for a visit for a friend's wedding, we chose this hotel based on its price an amenities for our group of 5. Our suite with its two beds and sofa bed was roomy and had everything we needed for a good stay. The front room was rather dark, without windows, but was comfortable. The bathroom was nice... More
	We were visiting our Hilton Head Hurricane Matthew refugee friends and ended up meeting them and staying 4 nights here. The front desk staff was wonderful, especially Dana, Mia, Lola and Geneva. It was a packed hotel and the staff could not have been more friendly, helpful and accommodating. They served a hot free breakfast, which was above average for... More
	Drury always delivers a good room and usually a great complimentary dinner and breakfast. The room was exactly what we expected - perfect, what you'd expect from a 4-star hotel. Note: this is priced at a 3-star level. Great value! The dinner/breakfast were satisfactory, but maybe not up to par with other Drury Inns we've stayed at. We ended up... More
	Have not stopped at a Drury Inn in quite a while. The last time we did was not a good experience. But because of the reviews decided to give Drury another chance. Glad we did. Do not hesitate to stop at this hotel.
	Bad: It's not the hotels fault, but the sirens on the street woke me up. Good: The best bed I've slept in besides the one at home! Enjoyed all the pillows! Even though the hotel is older, the room was fine! The bathroom was generous, with a good shower.
	Mia met us with a generous smile at the front desk as we checked-in to this spacious, clean and wonderfully staffed facility. Drury Inns, a new and fully delightful discovery for this writer. Hallways are well illuminated and the entire building is scrupulously maintained. Economically priced well-appointed, well-lit, surgically clean rooms in excellent condition. Bargain price includes a kick-back evening... More
	Very happily surprised :-)! Emerald greeted us with a great big smile and patiently waited while I rearranged my wallet to find my AARP card and got us booked into a beautiful suite. Drury will definitely be a go to from now on thanks to the fabulous service we received on our first stay: easy on/off interstate access, strong hot... More
	I have just discovered the Drury Inns. We stayed in the University one last year and recently the Northlake location. You can not go wrong with either one. This Drury Inn like the other had a great staff. Lola and Ashley went above and beyond to make sure we had every thing we needed. They are both an asset to... More
	This Drury is in a good location , right off 77, for a stop when driving south to Fla or Hilton Head. The staff is friendly, food is good. Breakfast has hot and cold selections, fruit and cereal. The 5:30 to 7:30 kickback varies but we had hot dogs, meatballs, pasta, salad, chips, soup...and free soda or 2 drinks. No... More
	We stayed here for one night on our way to Northern Virginia with our son's and their families. This is one of the better hotels we have stayed in with the free drinks, free dinner and free breakfast, it can't be beat. This hotel is super clean, allows pets, and is in an easy on and off from I-77. There... More
	We stayed here one night on our trip back to Ohio from South Carolina. Every staff member was so welcoming and friendly! The room was very clean, comfortable, and quiet. The food (dinner and breakfast) was simple, delicious, and pleased even our picky eater. The pool area was also clean. We really wish there were more Drury Inns to stay... More
	I stay here often and will not stay any place else. Incredibly clean and superb staff. Hotel is in the heart of shopping and dinning. Much nicer than a Hilton or Marriott brand with outstanding breakfast and evening buffets that is included in the very affordable rate. Try it once and I bet you never stay anywhere else while in... More
	Lovely big rooms, with big beds and the nicest bathroom I have seen in all our hotels on this trip. Sadly for us, the pool was closed for renovations and it would have been nice to cool off after a hot sunny day in California touring the wineyards. Hotel however has a little courtyard with tables and chairs so a... More
	Great place ... walking distance from the city center .. and all the shops and eateries there ... would recommend it and plan to stay there again .... parking is also not an issue ... good experience ...
	I am a tried and true Marriott person, but my husband booked this hotel as a surprise for our anniversary. He did a great job! The king suite had alot of room, a nice view and a fireplace. The staff was very nice and the breakfast bar was very good. This is a good hotel to stay at if you... More
	Pros: the location is awesome, the room size is great, the bathroom is nice also with a nice tub. Bad: the style and furniture starts to get really old, no breakfast despite the high price, the price is high, nothing exeptionnal... We were 4 people and so 4 reservations. Unfortunately one was missing. It was 1am so very bad surprise.... More
	Bad: The cleanliness wasn't the best. One of our towels and bed sheets had red stains on them which the staff informed us was rust, and not blood....upon arrival the toilet wouldn't flush as well. We got stuck in a smoking room even though we didn't book a smoking room. The noise was unbearable, and when combined with the smoke just added up to disaster. Good: Close to the public transportation systems. In the middle of downtown Las Vegas.
	We really only needed rooms to sleep in, as we were in the area visiting family friends. 2 rooms were booked online by different parties at different times on same night. The young lady who checked us in (around 10 PM, 8-14-15) was great. She put us side-by-side facing the courtyard, which was very nice for visiting with each... More
	The access to the property was not very well marked so it was very easy to miss the turn into it upon first arrival. The window to the room would not open as it appeared to be half of a sliding window. The wood around the window was OSB that was just painted. The door was very warped and drafty... More
	Our one night at this roach motel was awful. While the manager on duty was very pleasant, our room was less than satisfactory. There was no remote for the TV. The water in the bathroom ran lukewarm in the shower and sink. Two of our towels were a gross grey color. We asked for a non-smoking room but clearly someone had been smoking in our room quite recently. Worst of all, the people on either side of us decide... view mored to stand outside and talk very loudly until midnight. They screamed, yelled, slammed doors, and stomped back and forth for two hours. When we went to check out, there was no one available. We had to leave without being properly checked out. This roach motel is not worth the money.
	The staff was great, very helpful and friendly. I wish we stayed longer but we were only there for a night before a cruise. The view was good looking out over the canal but I wish I had asked for a higher room for the view. The room was clean and to our expectations. The continental breakfast was good thanks to fresh make your own waffles. The staff is really what made this hotel great
	The hotel is located about a 15-20 minute stroll from a sandy beach. (Take water shoes with you as is stoney going into the sea). We had a lovely room (303) which had a soft, comfy bed and ample pillows. The room had a settee, chair and TV which was set up like a loung area, a fridge, crockery, cutlery... More
	Nice room and friendly staff. Breakfast was definitely a plus, but nothing fancy. WIFI was good.
	Myself and my daughter (11) have just spent 7 nights at the amazing Coconut Waikiki Hotel in Honolulu - our girlie holiday. 23rd October 2015 to 30th October 2015. It was the first time to Hawaii for both of us and it is one holiday that we will be repeating. Oahu is the most relaxing destination that I have been... More
	Front desk staff really embodied the aloha spirit. Chech in/out was the smoothest process I ever experienced. And they took the time to customize our accommodations. Heated pool and fresh homemade waffles at continental breakfast was an unexpected treat. Hotel is energy concious which I loved about them. And what's not to love Great location + great service great time.
	Coconut Waikiki is a very nice Hotel, just far enough away from the main touristy areas to suit us. Just make sure when you arrive at the Hotel that you use the ramp(drive way) access and don't try and drag your bags up the entry stairs! Rooms are ample, clean and well maintained. There is also a laundry room and... More
	We love this place! They tried their best to make you feel at home! Even a free bottle of wine for our celebrations! It's so convenient to shopping malls and Waikiki beach! We got a mountain view room. U cannot imagine how wonderful the view is. Pretty mountain views, great riverside... Sunshine in the mornings. I mean it is way... More
	Bad: No self parking.. had to reach down to flush toilet. Good: Location
	Great friendly staff nothing to much trouble , always helpful and happy to advise best places to go and how to get there . Clean room with all you could need in it Fab location only 10 mins walk to beach and less than 5 mins to bars and shops Would love to return someday
	The hotel is at the Canal end of Lewers Street. It's not a far walk to the Royal Hawaiian Shopping centre and Waikiki Beach. The staff at the hotel are very friendly and always willing to share their local knowledge about good places to dine. Breakfast is provided in the mornings, including DIY waffles. As far as the room goes,... More
	The overall hotel it self was was not bad. Room was average from what we've heard about small rooms in Hawaii. We had a private balcony which was nice. There included breakfast could be better. The staff was our favorite part about the staff they were all VERY friendly and helpful. Always asking how our day was going and what... More
	Nice hotel, although on the older side. Reception staff couldn't be friendlier. Breakfast was supplied but a little limited in selection. Hotel within easy reach of the beach, shopping and bus routes and the activity coordinator at reception was very useful Room had a kitchenette with fridge which was a definite plus although benches and cupboards much higher than standard... More
	We stayed there for our honeymoon and it was such a great experience. The front desk gave us the mountain view room on 9th floor, which has an awesome view of the Ala Wai canal and the mountain range. They also gave us a complimentary bottle of red wine. The included breakfast has a good array of food. The location... More
	This little hotel lived up to my expectations of a JDV hotel (I've stayed at Shoreline previously and loved it)! I have to speak of the staff first because they were all spectacular - could not fault a single person! As a loner tourist, it makes a difference to have super friendly, efficient and helpful staff. In regards to location,... More
	Room was nice, recently updated and comfortable. The staff was great--friendly and responsive. The location was walking distance to all the Waikiki attractions such as the beaches, etc, but far enough away that it was quiet.
	This hotel is not on the beach ( 10 minute walk away ) but overlooks the canal which runs parallel to the beach, 2 blocks back. Initial reaction to this hotel was that it was a bit basic, small bathroom, and probably could do with a makeover. However, when we settled in, our impressions changed and by the time we... More
	We have a 3rd floor room Mountain Side View facing Ala Wai Blvd. The Blvd. Creates noise constantly 24/7 with loud music, loud motorcycles and cars because it is a very busy street. The noise easily filters into the hotel room. Sleep may be elusive for travelers that need quiet for sleep. It is possible that a room on a... More
	I actually booked this hotel while I was on the plane to Oahu. Before I came, I saw that it had 4 stars on Yelp and pretty high ratings here, so I booked a one-night stay to check it out. Check-in was easy, and Monique was very welcoming and friendly! I was a bit disappointed with the city view but... More
	Bad: The bathroom was gross. The inside of the tub was peeling.The ceiling looks as if it had a previous flood upstairs. Good: The buffet was good.The location of the hotel was great.
	We've had many delightful visits to Waikiki and stayed in assorted hotels. Coconut Waikiki is our new favorite Waikiki home! The staff, rooms and even the other guests were all just right. We're all looking forward to many many happy returns.
	The Coconut Waikiki Hotel was a great hotel. We definitely enjoyed our stay here. I had originally requested one king sized bed but we got 2 beds instead which worked out as we had our 9 month old daughter with us. The room was bright and clean. The Wifi was fast. The location itself was excellent, it was close to... More
	We enjoyed our stay a this property, all staff including Housekeeping were very friendly and helpful. Having the continental breakfast was an added bonus for us. The bed was comfortable, the Hotel and rooms were clean and staff was great and very attentive. The only thing for us was the street noise, even being on the 9th floor. The view... More
	Although this hotel was not off the beach, it was just a small walk down from all major shopping and beach area. Hotel was recently redone and is much nicer than some of the higher priced hotels along beach front. You get to control your a/c. I wish we had stayed here for the entire stay. The neighborhood has great little pubs and small shops and restaurants that you might want to check out as well.
	The hotel was small but looked newly renovated. I came with my boyfriend who was visiting me from out of town and I live in Hawaii so we decided to spend a night here. The hotel staff was very friendly and gave us a room upgrade and a bottle of wine to share and enjoy on them for staying with... More
	first trip to Hawaii stayed at this hotel in Jan....located a very short distant (less than 10 min. walk) to the beach...staff both friendly and professional...rooms very clean and comfortable...free towels for the beach....free wifi...free breakfast...found this place to meet all expectations and above
	The hotel is in a very nice residential street of Waikiki which makes it close enough to all the action but still walking distance to it all. The staff is very nice and attentive. I stayed here after a long day of traveling and the staff could have not been any more accommodating. Even gave me an upgrade! Sleek, fun,... More
	Awesome service! Tidy! Hygenic Clean!Provide beach towels for free. Great advice for restaurants from the front desk. Easy to use washing machines and dryers (2 of each). Complimentary coffee, water toiletries. Breakfast is nice and light. Perfect for on the go. We had room 404 facing the canal. I would definitely recommend asking for a room higher (5+)... More
	We stayed here for 5 nights after a luxurious 10 night cruise around the Hawaian islands. The hotel is a basic tourist hotel clean and comfortable and the staff helpful. We struggled with the heat in the room as the air con was not very efficient. A basic fresh fruit, cereals, toast, cakes, boiled egg breakfast was available and the... More
	We only stayed one night but enjoyed our stay. The hotel is one of the cheaper options for decent accommodation in waikiki. Staff are super friendly and efficient. They have the right attitude for the jobs they do. Mike who sorts luggage/valet cars is great - a gem! Breakfast was not great for us but we are pretty fussy and... More
	Bad: We liked everything. Good: The beds were comfortable the rooms were clean
	My friends and I stayed at this hotel earlier this month and could not have been happier with our choice! The rooms were nice and very clean. We had a room with two beds overlooking the mountains and canal and it was a good amount of space for the three of us. The location was exactly where we wanted to... More
	My husband and i went to Hawaii to celebrate our honeymoon. When we searched for hotels we found the coconut waikiki hotel which seemed to look good on pictures. Once we arrived we got a whole other opinion about the hotel. Staff was not friendly, rooms were old fashioned, pool was very small.. But the worst thing of all is... More
	OK. I didn't actually put any lime in a coconut nor did I shake it all up - I am way too old for that. But Coconut Waikiki was a neat, well priced and well located place to stay in expensive Waikiki. It's a brief meander from the hotel to the beach, with about 342 ABC stores along the way... More
	We had a great stay at the hotel. Very friendly staff and beautiful location just a few blocks back from the main street of shops. Would highly recommend to anyone travelling to Waikiki. I would say that the friendly staff were what made our stay here most enjoyable.
	Location is great, Hotel is a little old but its clean. I would recommend staying here but don't expect it to be like the Hilton or Sheraton. Staff are very friendly and are always happy to help, Breakfast is included which was nice also
	I love staying at the coconut Waikiki!! Everybody was so friendly and helpful!! The breakfast was amazing and the rooms so relaxing!! I loved waking up to the sunrise and how conveniently close the shops were. Bars were down the street with great happy hour and the royal Hawaiian center had plenty shops and a food court! Minutes away from... More
	I stayed here on a work trip for 8 nights. My room was clean, breakfast was nice, staff was friendly! I'd do it again in a heartbeat. I also like the fact, that it's off of the busy street. But it only walking distance to the beach. They also do valet services which is nice.
	Stayed here as part of a bigger American adveture with my new husband! The hotel was very centrally located and very close to all the tres fancy shops and beach! The staff were friendly and were always on hand to recommend good local restaurants. We had a mountain view room which was big and always kept clean and tidy. The... More
	We stayed here because the price was right. Location was ok, just a quick walk to Fred Meyers the bus stop. Staff was very friendly. Room was tiny and old but clean, which matters the most. No a/c which might be ok on the other side but we were on the side facing the sun and it was quite... More
	Great downtown location with easy access to local businesses and downtown historical points. Friendly staff with no frills comfortable accommodations at a fair price. Within walking distance to downtown tourist attractions. Easy to get to.
	Good: The location was easily accessible to any downtown activities and the strip, we went to the pinball neon museum and the fremont street experience in one day. It was great
	I'm not really a big fan of this type of suite. The last thing I want to do on a vacation is cook or do dishes. But I just ignored the kitchen area and the hotel was better than fine. The rooms were spotless. The bed was very comfortable. The amenities nice (free wi-fi was dependable, that's unusual). I cannot... More
	The Ramada hotel is located in Kingman, in Arizona. I might be wrong, but Kingman does not have much to offer to tourist. The Ramada thou is a perfect location for those who are travelling and would like to spend a couple of days relaxing before starting another long trip across the desert.
	The room was clearly not vacuumed and the bathroom floor not cleaned either. Beds were clean and fresh and bathroom counter sparkling. The room's door latch did not fully function when used from the outside and we had real trouble getting into the room every time, to the point of shoulder ramming the door to get in. Luckily, half of... More
	I have stayed at this hotel several times and every time something little was wrong but we overlooked it. As I was checking in the front desk/manager told me that my room was a problem room 312 because people smoke in it. She said there was a smoke smell and smoke burns. That was the least of the problems when... More
	I used to live in Clarksville and kind of knew what to expect here Hotel-wise, but was very pleasantly surprised when it came to the staff! EVERYONE we encountered was incredibly nice and accommodating Everything was clean, our room, the pool area, and bar. The beds were fine, bedding looked fairly new...I only had one issue and that was the continental breakfast. It was awful, but then again aren't they all
	The pool was out of order because the heat pump wasnt working,yeah right it was because they didnt want turn the heat on period.and breakfast was nothing what there pictures advertised ewwww!!
	Get more than what you pay for, Hotel ran well and good atmosphere. Very accommodating.
	My husband and I were on a mission to buy a new truck. We had driven several hours that night just to make it to TN. The staff was wonderful. The woman who greeted us was very accommodating, especially being that we didn't arrive until 2:30am. Even upon leaving early the next morning, she told us to stay longer the... More
	Good price on the rooms, the breakfast was fine but one of the rooms had bugs. The replacement room appeared to be bug free. I won't be going back.
	This hotel met Hampton's high quality standards. Rooms were comfortable and clean, bed was great, staff was friendly and helpful. This is why I stay at Hampton's, you know in advance of the quality of service. Did not have a chance to use the pool or exercise area but there is a lovely walking trail around the hotel. We stayed... More
	Bad: Old outdated rooms, even though its a classic hotel does not mean they dont have to put forth effort to modernize rooms. Good: Was right in Fremont street
	I had stayed at this Hampton Inn many years ago and it was the typical Hampton. They have upgraded since and the accommodations are very nice. My wife and I were very impressed by the room and the friendly staff. Next door to Applebees and in close proximity to many restaurants and not too far from UGA and downtown Athens.
	although the initial nonsmoking room selected on line was found to have the lingering smell of smokers, the front desk staff did not hesitate to relocate us to a similar room that met our expectations. no hassles.
	I travel to Athens several times a year and have been for the past 14 or so years. I've always tried to stay in hotels in downtown. There aren't that many and this particular they were all booked so I made reservations at the Hampton Inn. I've never had any issues with this brand of hotel in the past, but... More
	Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice area with good location. Hotel currently undergoing renovation. Very clean and pleasant. Some worn/dingy room furniture, but will probably be replaced after renovations are complete.
	It was very clean and nice. It was more expensive than I normally pay. (I am willing to sacrifice a good bit just to pay less but, my aunt wanted to stay there). The staff was friendly and helpful. You will like it.
	The chalet inn is priced very reasonably, The room is spacious with a lounge area. The lobby is rather quaint in terms of interior decor. I arrived late at night at 1130pm a signboard told me to check in at econolodge. luckily, I saw the signboard before my taxi left. I redirected the taxidriver to econolodge at the bottom... More
	The room was outdated but yet cozy. Love the fireplace in the room. Even though no hot tub in our room we still had a relaxing time. Blast from the past! I would ask for or bring an extra blanket can get a little chilly if the fire place goes out. Will go back and stay again soon. Room 213
	If your looking for a 5 star hotel keep looking the chair was stained. If your looking for a clean, comfortable, reasonably priced room with a comfortable bed. Here's the place. Great location to restaurants for any type you could want. Little hard to find because it's behind a convience store and a Dairy Queen.
	We use this hotel for our overnight on the way to and from the Summit Bechtel Reserve. This is a low price place that is close to SBR. The room is setup for 2 people, so if you have 3 or more get towels at the office first. The beds are small and If you request a roll a way you will need to do it at the office when you get there.
	I find this place to be a quiet place to stay. I have never had any problems with my rooms. They have been comfy and clean and I will stay again when in the area. The breakfast is definitely a continental type and the ice machine is located in the breakfast room. I am a fan of exterior doors where... More
	Bad: One of the things we did not like was the fact that we couldn't wake up to a cup of coffee in the morning without paying an arm and a leg for one. The other was that they should at least offer free coffee and beverages to their customers. Washington State casino have a coffee and soda machines for their customers to enjoy as they play. I also do not like the idea of casinos shoving resorts fees down a person throat when they know that the percentage of customers do not use the resorts. Good: I enjoyed the friendly staff.
	I was very happy with my room, looks like it had been updated recently. Flat screen TV, microwave, refrigerator, and a great shower with nice hot water and powerful pressure. Which is awesome after a long day at work! Breakfast isn't too bad, enough to get you going, coffee is good so I can't complain, lol. There isn't anything in... More
	Unfortunately this hotel had no sound barriers between floors. Noise from upstairs was constant and I did not sleep at all. Bathroom shower surround was damaged and doors were dirty. The best positive was that the room was clean and updated.
	When I first saw this motor inn, I thought there was now way I was staying at this place even though I had made reservations in advance. It needs a lot of repairs or maybe just rebuild the whole place. Everything looked very old and run down. The room itself was clean and comfortable and had all the necessary conveniences.... More
	I travel extensively and normally visit at least three states per month for work. Hilton family hotels are my preference when I travel and I have stayed at a lot of them. While not the fanciest hotel in their portfolio (that would probably be the Waldorf Rome Cavalieri where we stayed two years ago), the Hampton Inn and Suites in... More
	The staff went above and beyond expectations. Always ready to help. The breakfast always had something everyone wanted to eat. They never ran out of food and the lady in the kicthen was very nice and helpful. She did an excellent job. The desk staff were very nice, always smiling and asking if there was anything they could do. The... More
	Very clean hotel, with friendly, efficient staff. Pool area was small, but impeccably clean and enjoyable. The hot breakfast was delicious and included omelets and waffles as well as cereals, breads/pastries, sausage, hash browns, hot chocolate, etc... Location good with multiple stores and restaurants nearby. The only minor flaw was the noise of the heat/air system, but definitely easy to... More
	Quick check in, clean and comfortable large room. Very comfortable bed and pillows. Complimentary breakfast was excellent for this type of hotel. My only suggestion is that they please stock some plain black tea (only flavored teas were available). All staff we encountered were very friendly and welcoming.
	The people at the front desk are rude and not helpful. If there is a concert the weekend you are looking to book, they just hang up on you. What do they care, the hotel is already booked. Low class service.
	This hotel was easy to get to and only 8 miles from Lake Geneva, WI. The hotel was clean and the service was excellent. It was in a nice area of town with local business stores within a block of the hotel. The only drawback was no fridge in room.
	Have been staying here since they opened in June. Each visit was good. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Missed not,having the pancake machine working! I would recommend this hotel. A very nice and new hotel.
	Good: The hotel room was spacious and very comforting.....
	This Hotel was wonderful. I booked this stay online which was simple to do, was checked in by a friendly staff. The room was amazing and the best I have ever stayed in, very clean and neat, beds were comfortable, price was great, and the breakfast in the morning was filling and good. I didn't get to use the pool... More
	No restaurant- you still need to go to Benvenutos at the Holiday inn. But sparkling clean and new. Nice staff and good location. Basic and serviceable. No issues, would probably choose to stay he again instead of the main hotel. Short walk.
	The hotel is very nice. A perfect spot for a romantic night away. I am a clean freak and it definitely passed all of my tests in the cleanliness department. The front desk staff was nice, check in and out took only a matter of minutes. The restaurant is amazing- the food is delicious. Overall it is a very nice... More
	As soon as you enter this hotel you notice its not part of a national chain. This is a one-off, very hip hotel. Its not just the look and feel of the place, its the staff. Whoever is running this place has instilled a sense of pride in everyone who works there... everyone. Our rooms were fantastic with a whirlpool... More
	Older hotel in dire need of updating. I expected to see Austin Powers come out of the bathroom.
	The lady at the front desk was a bit rude. The gentleman that was there later in the evening was a blessing.
	enjoyed the pool and hot tub my grandkids especiallydid
	The little cousin to Hilton Garden Inn with just as much to offer. Great location on the river and paths for a morning jog or walk or kayak! Near restaurants, friendly staff, clean and spacious rooms, and a nice breakfast. Good for family or business travel.
	Spent a few nights in Bend and this place was fantastic. The location is right near the Old Mill district on the river which is a great spot. There are plenty of places to eat, shops and cinemas all within a stones throw. I believe you can hire bikes and ride along the river as well. The location isn't too... More
	My family and I stayed here for 4 nights during our 2016 spring break. The location is great, and the hotel is very inviting. Will be staying here again next time. I only wish they had multi room suites for larger families.
	Bad: We hated the window were fake. Good: I liked the location the most
	We were very happy to have found this place on short notice. No frills, but no hassle either! It could use some paint on the outside, but the inside was clean, functional and exceeded our expectations. Not too far from downtown. We would go back.
	Wonderful experience again. Have stayed here a lot and it is always pleasant. Quiet, good breakfast, clean, good pool. Easy to get to, a pleasure to experience. Upholds Hilton Honors reputation. I do not know what else to say to reach 200 characters. I think I've covered everything.
	This Hotel exceeded every need we had. We were expecting mediocre at best and everything was 5 Star. Room was exceedingly clean. Room was quiet. Breakfast was unbelievable. Check in and Check out were a breeze!
	This Hampton Inn provides the usual predictable quality. Building is quite old. Breakfast area is very small. Exercise room is a converted former guest-room. Single piston-driven elevator is slow. This property is right off of Interstate-90. As such, there is a great deal of road noise. Try to get a room with a lower number, this will put you farther... More
	I tell any one in the area to stay here...I stay here every time I'm in the area...It's great! Very clean and the staff is wonderful...It's close to restaurants and really any place you want to go...You just can't beat this hotel
	Enjoyed a good night's rest at the Riverside Inn which has been kept in lovely shape and affords a wonderful view off each room's balcony right alongside the Rogue River. Room was very clean and bed comfortable with plenty of pillows and crisp linens. Full breakfast served by helpful and friendly McKenna. Office staff helpful as well. Very good value... More
	Having stayed many times at the Riverside Inn and enjoyed it, we recently stayed again and found the rooms newly decorated and a very fresh look. It is such a treat to sit out on the good sized deck and enjoy watching the wildlife on the river or have a picnic on a warm night. It is a very good... More
	Our visit to this hotel was just wonderful! It started with the cheerful greeting from the front desk clerk in the small and comfortable lobby. We were so pleased with our room, the whole experience was just delightful. Our adult children wanted to stay there on their way back to Calif. because of our praise ...this place stays fairly booked... More
	We have driven through Grants Pass, OR several times. This trip we were in town for a conference and when the host hotel was sold out we were referred to the Riverside Inn by the conference organizers. I looked on the Riverside Inn website and decided to book directly. Based upon the pictures on line, I must say I was... More
	The riverside inn is such a perfect location especially if you are going to enjoy the hellgate jet boat excursion. we had a really special trip which started as soon as we checked in at the front desk(thank you Jo).staff was courteous , professional and had some personality. we enjoyed our clean and comfortable room with a river view on... More
	Bad: The room needs to be updated. The bathroom fixtures needs to be renovated. The layout of the room was a little a awkward, there needs to be better lighting and a vanity under the large mirror. The property itself could use use an update as well, it needs to be modernized. Good: It was close to all the activities on Fremont Street. I enjoyed being in the center of Downtown, everything was within walking distance.
	My husband and I spent 4 nights here. This is the place to be if you are tired of generic chains. Peaceful, comfortable and the owners are super nice people, very friendly and accommodating. Loved every minute this is where will always stay while in Grants Pass.
	Poorly maintained facility. Could be cute and quaint but needs work. Friendly staff and informative about area, but can't make up for lack of care at motel. Better places to stay for the money. Right on river so view is nice.
	I was highly satisfied with my accommodations. The room was most comfortable and spacious. Very easy to locate and access. Staff were extremely knowledgeable and helpful. Everything I could have needed was available for meal preparation. The bed and pillows were of very high quality. I enjoyed my stay very much. I would recommend this facility without hesitation.
	Stayed in the hotel to try it out after very fond memories of staying in the Staybridge Suites in Ballantyne, NC (I did a company relo and my family lived in this hotel for 6 months - just a great place). I travel to Virginia for business quite frequently and wanted to try out a new hotel. I typically stay... More
	This hotel has an amazing staff from the GM, to the front desk, down to the breakfast and cleaning crew. My king suite was spacious and very clean!! The evening meals combined with ice cream socials are amazing. Reserved parking spots for IHG Platinum and gold members is a plus. The free hot breakfast has everything you want plus yogurt,... More
	I was very impressed with the rooms and felt like I was in an apartment. We stayed in a 3 bed 2 bath suite as a way for all the bridesmaid to be in one place the night before the wedding. The living area was very cozy and even with five people we never felt short on room. The kitchen... More
	We stayed for 11 nights and this hotel is absolutely wonderful. We had a king suite with separate bedroom and it was contemporary, comfortable and well-appointed. The complimentary, hot breakfast is plentiful and tasty. The complimentary guest laundry was an added bonus (bring your own soap or buy in the pantry next to front desk). Service with a smile from... More
	Absolutely the best place to stay in El Paso!!!!!! * I will start with the Front Desk: Amazing!!! Everyone always goes above and beyond, to make sure you have an excellent stay. This hotel really is a Home away from Home, and they like to make you feel special. *Breakfast: Outstanding!! Always Delicious! A lot of variety. *Social Hour (Mon.-Wed... More
	This hotel was much nicer than I was anticipating given the age and location. I stayed here with a school group tour. They prepared a breakfast buffet that was very nice every morning. The rooms were fairly clean, no signs of the dreaded bed bugs. The bathrooms were very small and had NO HOOKS anywhere, so you couldn't hang up... More
	Upon first glance the hotel doesn't look like anything special, but there's plenty to be excited about. It's a great location for kids with the fountains from the shopping center, pond, shopping and restaurants nearby. The restaurant has an excellent breakfast in the mornings as part of your stay, and it's near the major interstates for easy access to downtown.
	After getting the bait and switch I decided I'd rather stay anywhere else. I'm sure I wasnt missing much as it looks like project style crack house apartments. The front desk (old middle eastern lady) was extremely rude and up charged me 50 when I got there! I travel and stay in hotels 250 days/ year and trust me this... More
	Bad: The bed was too soft for my mate and we need more pillows. They were happy to provide the additional pillows. Good: The entire staff was very nice. The room was clean and we stayed on the north-side and did not hear any noise from Fremont Street.
	We recently had a block of rooms for our guests for our daughter's wedding. Charlie and his efficient staff could not have been more helpful, welcoming and accommodating to our needs. All our guests commented on their friendliness, and beautiful, clean rooms. Most of them took advantage of the inclusive breakfast next door at Hayden's Lakeside Grill. Although it is... More
	Traveled with my family for the 5A state championship in Hillsboro, but found almost all of the hotels in the area were full. Found this little gem in Forest Grove, and enjoyed it far more than we expected to. The place was impeccably clean, and the staff was excellent. My kids loved the pool, and the hot tub was great... More
	This is the place to stay if you are visiting the university. Great price if you book online at the discounters' websites! Very friendly, hardworking staff. Informative about the area. I will/would stay there again.
	Not sure what people expect out of a 54 hotel but some of the reviews I read are ridiculous.... small bathroom, what do people expect, a dance floor! I travel to Corvallis nearly every month and have stayed at nearly every hotel in town and while yes this place is dated, (orange carpet) it was very clean, had extremely nice... More
	I have stayed here many times. It is always very clean, friendly, and affordable. Its a pretty new facility but the prices are still low. My favorite thing is that they don't have FOX NEWS on in the lobby so I don't have to listen to hate speech while I get my breakfast.
	Ever since Danny took over La Quinta Corsicana, it has become an awesome hotel. It is clean, beautiful and everyone is friendly and efficient. The pool is heated!! The spa is wonderful! AND it is pet friendly!! It is an excellent choice and we are so grateful for them!
	Rooms were large, bed was comfortable, location was adequate. Motel needs some serious updates. Renovations are a must. Outside area was dirty and customers were allowed to work on their automobiles in the parking lots. My spouse and I will not again stay again without some of these things are fixed.
	Was probably once a great place. Needs an overhaul. The rooms are large, but poorly air conditioned. The pool is indoor/outdoor, which is pretty neat. The spa tub is old and needs to be updated. There is plenty of truck parking for 18 wheelers.
	The hotel was fairly close to our destination. It was clean, staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good. Frozen entrees for sale which was convient for travelers who didn't want to go out. No close restraunts close,without crossing the four lane highway. The beds left a lot to be desired, were lumpy and uncomfortable. We were on the first... More
	This is by far the Best La Quinta we have ever stayed in. Everything was new and up to date. Extremely CLEAN!!!! Very nice friendly staff. This one actually served a hot breakfast besides to token waffle. Loved the stay.
	Bad: Street noise. Good: Decor, table games, dining
	They have a nice breakfast buffet, with waffles, eggs, sausage, bagels, cold cereal, fruit. Shortly after I had checked out and left the premises, I realized I had left my Kindle behind. They were very helpful about letting me into the room to retrieve it.
	I had a great experience at this hotel. Everybody is friendly and the rooms are very clean. I utilized the fitness center to help me maintain my work out regiment. Kendra was my favorite employee. I would definitely stay here again because of the ease of access in location and friendly customer service.
	Came for a weekend with a child. The front desk staff was always friendly and helpful. Breakfast was stocked and ready. Pool area was clean and the rooms were very nice. Would definitely recommend. Had no complaints at all. They are located a little off the beaten path but it was nice and quiet.
	This was an excellent hotel. Very clean and updated. Nice comfortable beds and covers. The complimentary breakfast had a huge selection and something for everyone. The only draw back was it was on the expensive side, but I guess you get what you pay for because I can't think of anything to complain about. Lol.
	Best Holiday Inn we have stayed in ever and we have stayed in a few, wonderful reception from the lady at the front desk, we where upgraded to a suite and what a room, big, clean, desk lounge everything you need when travelling. This hotel will probably make the rest of our stays in hotels across the U.S. a... More
	We are on a road trip from Chicago to CA. We've stayed in Holiday Inn Express hotels one night at a time on the way. This was the best. It's only recently been built. The decor is upscale contemporay and the front desk staff were cheery and happy to see you. The Executive King rooms bed was very comfortable with... More
	This Holiday Inn Express was very clean. The beds were super comfortable. The location was right off I-40. You can take the rear exit and cross the highway to eat a fantastic meal at Saltgrass Steakhouse. The Holiday Inn offers Wine and beer and snacks in the lobby 5:30-7:30 pm. The next morning enjoy a really good cup of coffee.... More
	It is obvious that this HIE takes great pride in their establishment and it shows in all the little things that they do. We checked in late Friday evening and were warmly and expertly greeted, / Comfortable rooms/ great breakfast.
	My husband and I stayed here one night on our way to Santa Fe. The hotel is nice and on the west side of town. Our room was very clean and comfortable. Having a small fridge was nice. The front desk folks were very friendly. We would stay here again.
	If you love trains you will be able to hear them all night long as they blare their horn and roar past the motel! If you're a fan of thin pillows and rock hard beds you are home. On a positive note, the room was clean and the towels were soft. NOT worth 60!
	Bad: No wifi in the rooms in 2017. Good: Great location! Friendly staff and you can buy your breakfast in the casino. There is no free Wifi in the rooms, but you can enjoy free Wifi in the lobby. Room was spacious enough and linnens were clean. Room looked like it was recently updated and we enjoyed our stay.
	I'm driving back to NC from RI and I needed to get some sleep. I checked into this room and the front desk clerk was nice and prompt. As I walked into my room, I hear the phone ring and it's the front desk ask me to keep the noise down, I am all alone and just walked in this... More
	Nice hotel, the room was decently clean, free parking, there are a few options on fast food and a golden corral nearby, the staff, i cant remember the lady, but she was very fun and kind, treat us very nice and give us a restaurant coupons for discount, the disappointing thing was the Wi-Fi, there is no free wi fi,... More
	I stayed here for one night because the official hotel for the Trenton Half was booked by the time I knew I would need a room. I've had good experiences at other Comfort Inns so I figured this was a safe choice. When I walked in the lobby looked like it was under renovation. Not a big deal. What was... More
	This hotel had a dirty pillow (blood stains) the shower was clogged the breakfast was horrible and the staff seemed unprofessional.
	We had a reservation last month. On our way to this hotel, my daughter got sick in the car. And we made the choice to return home and cancel our vacation (we had Sesame Place and Dutch Wonderland in mind). We called Comfort Inn and explained our situation. Our hotel booking was non refundable and obviously we called with less... More
	We were using this hotel for a family of 5 in conjunction with Sesame Place. The key factors for us were the included mini-fridge (not a simply cube, it had to be large enough to accommodate a 6 year old, 3 year old, and 1 year old), and a microwave, as well as being large enough to include a Pack... More
	Every staff member very accommodating, welcoming and friendly!
	We stayed at the Alpine for 2 nights and the price was very reasonable! They do not provide shampoo or a coffee maker but the rooms are super clean, it is quiet and the rooms are huge. This is a budget no frills motel but you can't beat the price for a clean place to sleep. Towels are small and... More
	After reading the reviews about the Alpine Motel we decided to spend a night there on our way back to Canada. We arrived shortly after 5:00 pm and checked in to our room. The owner was quite pleasant and answer questions concerning dining and the weather which was very helpful. There was a small fridge and a microwave in the... More
	Great value and view with this vintage style motel. Rooms are very large with updated bathroom area, fridge, and microwave. Free wifi and ice. We had two double beds in the room. The mattress on one was very old and sagging on one side. The other bed was fine. Would stay again but ask for a room with newer mattresses.
	Bad: Nothing . Good: Really nice casino brew pub hotel rooms were massive and clean great location for fremount street and affordable drink and food prices easy to get to the strip using local transport
	This hotel is located in the center of the historic district and is a short drive from wine/farm country. The staff is extremely nice but lacks the polish of staff at comparable hotels in larger cities.
	The room was nice and renovated . I tried to adjust the air upon arriving in a room which was 85 degrees. When we can back it was still the same and when we asked the desk they said the heat was still on and brought us a fan offered to give 10 off.We also paid for the room... More
	We had a king suite with sleeper sofa for three adults. We arrived at about 1'0:30 pm tired from our trip only to find out there were no sheets or pillows for the sleeper sofa. It took two trips to the desk to get what we needed. Then we discovered that the sleeper sofa was hard as concrete. Folded it... More
	the hall was very nice, food was great and the staff was the best. however, they didn't do a couple of thing right that I specifically asked for and I had to a few times during the night remind them of a couple of things.
	This hotel is a splendid option for anyone who is to leave on a bus from the downtown area and looking for an inexpensive way to spend their last night in the city. They even offer a free YMCA pass if you want to use the facilities across the street. It was a very comfortable stay and the staff made... More
	Said they upgraded me....I went from a singke king to a double bed room. Not much of an upgrade
	The photos are very misleading. The ceiling in my room and bathroom was falling and bathroom full of mold. I complained but was told there was no other room available. I listened to numerous complaints from other guests while I waited in line to complain. The front desk gentleman was indifferent to the complaints and not much was resolved. I was in town for business and have never stayed in a worse down town 'hotel and conference center' in the hundreds of cities I've traveled to.
	Wanted a nights sleep and it was non event weekend Asked what time breakfast was Had to make the attendent laugh Got exactly what i expected A parking space A smoking room A bed A bathroom Even a refrigerator Thankyou pike motel !
	This hotel looks new and appears to have been newly updated. The breakfast area is very nice and has a homey feeling yet has a very contemporary style. The service at the front desk was speedy and very professional awesome reception with the friendliest staff. The rooms layout is very traditional going back to the older times. Even with some signs of upgrades, it felt to be a very old room. I think the dcor needed to be better and the appliances upgraded. The first thing I spotted entering the room was the throw pillow on the bed with what appears to be a large oil stain (hoping it is oil or grease) in the smack center of the pillow facing right at you. That sight alone made me think that the rooms upkeep was not up to par. I cannot understand why the pillow was even left for display in the room. The bathroom did not have a fan, showering in it created a very steamy room that made the rooms mirrors useless. Water pressure was awesome and the fixtures are all brand new. There was no complimentary bottled water in the room. There is no vending machine in the hotel however, there are candies for sale prominently displayed in the main lobby. The breakfast offered was good and plentiful. As I was getting ready for a biscuit, the lady refilling the biscuit tray rearranged the biscuits with her BARE hands and then with her BARE hands placed new biscuits into the tray. After seeing it, I changed my mind about having the biscuit.
	Clean well-furnished room with good amenities including minifridge and microwave. Fitness room with up-to-date equipment. Nice indoor pool with whirlpool hot tub. I was pleased to see there was a lift to help someone with mobility problems get into/ out of pool. Staff was pleasant and professional.
	Bad: the entire atmosphere of being downtown Las Vegas. Good: Everything was very convenient to get to.
	I had booked a room via a 3rd party, but arrived late and the only room available was one for people with pets. I couldn't take that spring allergies would have had me sneezing all night in such a room. So the manager graciously gave me a suite at the same price. Nice service!
	This hotel was great! Our company held their meetings there we had catered breakfast, lunch, and dinner by the hotel. At night after our meetings it was great to go to the Casino and the tavern was a cool hangout place.
	I was unsure about staying here after reading some reviews. .stayed 5 nights for business. I found the room very nice. .bed comfortable. The soaps and washes were high quality. .they gave you 2 free bottles of water every day in your room. The Restaurant bar downstairs was very good. .food excellent and a huge beer selection. .they even have... More
	The National Trail Motel is not your grandfather's motel. It is your great-grandfather's motor inn or motor court before the word motel was coined. The room was small, but the bathroom made the room look spacious. Twin beds were right inside the door and there was an oversized chest of drawers and a bureau. The 25 inch picture tube television,... More
	I was on a long stay for work in the area and the staff is great.. treated us like family, rooms were clean, has a place to do laundry and plenty of near by restaurants. They do offer breakfast and do have open wifi but the wifi is much to be desired as it does need to be faster to... More
	I arrived very late and checked in quickly thanks to the gentleman at the front desk. He was very helpful as I had to move some boxes that needed to remain at ambient temperature into my room. Te room was perfect. It was very clean and quite roomy. The bathroom, as others have mentioned, may be on the small side... More
	My girlfriend and I were stayed one night here and loved the location . All of the shops and restaurants are walkable from this hotel and the staff was great. Breakfast is also included which is an added bonus. Parking is the only negative , which is 20 on site and 5 two blocks away.
	Stayed here in October after running the Tough Mudder race in Coatsville. Staff was super helpful and enthusiastic. Breakfast was awesome. The room was spacious, quiet, clean, and well appointed. Nice place.
	We have stayed at the Warner many times. Always clean, very helpful staff and right in downtown West Chester, close to everything. Limited parking on site but discount parking available near by. Lots of nice shops and restaurants , just walk out the front door. They tend to fill up fast so book early.
	We stayed here on the 6th of August, when i booked i was anxious due to some of the other reviews. However, when we arrived and checked in we were greeted with a smile and a friendly hello. Our room was very clean, it contained 2 double beds which were comfortable and the bathroom was as it should be. Nothing... More
	Bad: That I couldn't stay longer because of work. Good: All the lights and the view
	This Motel will be the last place in Washington, Pa I would ever stay again. The rooms say no smoking, yet the bed spread and blanket had burn holes in them. The furniture was old and broken. The bathroom was newly finished, yet had BLACK MOLD on the walls .When I let them know at the front desk, they really... More
	Traveling on business. Check in was horrible. Not very polite at all. Nor very friendly. I specifically asked for a non smoking room. The put me into a smoking room with a ash tray on the table in the room. There was burn holes, dog hairs on the bed spread. I was very upset at this point. So I stripped... More
	I hate writing reviews like this as a guy that owns a business, but you really shouldn't stay here... I knew going into this that i was getting a worker's hotel, but I didn't expect the used condom left in the garbage in my room, or the window that didn't have locks. I appreciate the new carpet and counter and... More
	Alright place, they are renovating rooms as they get empty. The place is kinda dated, but and kept-up. They are right off interstate at exit 15. Denny's is right next door and other restaurants are close
	Had a very good dinner took my husband for his birthday dinner.had seafood raviolis and wings very good. Nice bar very lovely bartender.homecooked meals.
	Paid extra for the jacuzzi tub and it didn't even work. There was hair in the jacuzzi as well as the bath tub. Staff repeatedly called priar to stay saying my room wasn't going to be ready than saying nevermind when I called back. The room is run down and dirty and the extra amenity paid for didn't work. Breakfast... More
	Everything was great. Beds a little stiff, something slightly softer would have been great. No bacon at breakfast, bacon at breakfast would be an improvement also. Everyone was very nice and the value was good.
	Courteous and helpful staff. Very impressed by the cleanliness of the hotel. It was a little pricey, but comparable to most hotels in the area. The gym was very clean and all of the equipment was very well kept.
	My stayed at this hotel was great. The staff was very nice and help me in everything I needed. This hotel is conveniently located and with many good restaurants to choose from. I wished the hotel provided with a shuttle service to local places. Uber is a good second option. The rooms and pool was very clean. Breakfast is a... More
	The room was very clean, but the AC could not be controlled and we froze at night. I could not turn it off and it ran all night long. I didn't have time to get the staff to fix it, so I just covered the vents with clothes to keep it from blowing out so much. We were still cold. The pool was nice, but the work out center was a joke and only on of three tread mills worked. And there was no weights or anything else. The Breakfast was a joke. There was only cereal and toast and that's it. We didn't even eat it, we just went out on our way to our events.
	Bad: I guess the lack of facilities in the modern world. No pool, hot tub, gym. We got lost a few times walking down stairs, even went into their staff lounge and kitchen by accident. No free wifi anywhere! 10 a day per device.... Good: We loved being in the center of action and its great value. All the staff were very helpful.
	it was ok I guess looks were deceiving
	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE
	It's will be my last time me in my family had the worse experience I've ever had they lady at the desk was rude the maintenance guy whatever he was was rude in his hygiene was terrible also they kept pouring bleach in bleach in the pool while my kids was in it only when we was in the pool tho they could have waited the rooms are small very very small the tv was too my room looked like it was a run u just give away to Someone I hated everything about the days inn I DNT know how my reservations were there I wanted the comfort suite that was across the street from the days inn I want my money back asap that was a waste of time in money to be treated bad and poorly omg
	All was good except the breakfast. No options at all. Left and went to Ihop!!!
	Stay was great and staff was very nice , rooms where clean and had a great smell. Only thing needed was a hot tub in the pool room and the stay would have been excellent. Rather then that hotel is in great location with access to express way and restaurants.
	I don't really understand why this hotel has such bad ratings. For 60 a night, we got a clean room with a concrete balcony, working television, breakfast, and there is even a pool. FOR 60! The women at the front desk was extremely helpful and kind, and the hotel also works with an extremely reliable taxi service. The only down... More
	This was the most reasonably priced hotel. It is understaffed to say the least. Night desk clerk did not charge me for a roll away I needed for 1 night. This is where the good news ends. Each day we had to ask for something that should have been in our room, towels, shampoo etc. Our last night there, we stood in a long line to ask for the cups that were not replaced during housekeeping. I was given the address to Wal-mart to go and buy my own! During breakfast they ran out of spoons, cereal was eaten with a fork. I wish management would train and hire additional employees for better customer service!
	Found coupon at rest stop. 55.00 including tax is reasonable. The property is older with some wear and tear. Rooms are clean but nothing fancy. Old style analog TV. Adequate for a night's stay. Staff friendly and helpful. Easy to find. Close to shopping and restaurants. Right off the interstate.
	Initially a was quite satisfied with this hotel until checkout time, I proceeded to the room containing the continental breakfast which was miniscule to say the least. I decided against the breakfast and grabbed my cooler. We needed ice for the the rest of the trip. A staff member yelled at me for doing this and said I was not... More
	We are a Men's Fellowship group that meet once a year at the Cooper Hill Inn, we have always enjoyed a warm reception and good food for our group that can number up to 24 individuals. Charles and Lee, the inn keepers, are gracious hosts and keep us well fed for the weekend.
	Bad: Beds were very hard and lumpy, rooms and hallways smelled of smoke and the AC cooled barely. Good: Ease of access to multiple things, great places to eat.
	Very nice comfortable guest room. The beds are comfortable to the point of wanting to know what mattresses they use. You have the choice of firm or soft pillows-at least in the room we had. Quiet surroundings which help get a good nights sleep. Perfect getaway hotel in great location! Just off I-90 and Randall Rd. so its easy to... More
	Very comfortable and relaxing.... But, most of all the quietness and friendliness of the employees.
	Very friendly well staffed. Nice size rooms with wood floors to avoid any doggie odors.
	Great place, location, and I appreciate the coffee available in the lobby.
	it was great
	I visited my old neighborhood for a few days. The clerk recognized me from a previous stay when I checked in. Hotel personnel called a cab twice, with a rapid response. The computer in the business center wasn't working, so they printed my boarding pass at the front desk.
	We stayed here for an entire week while attending a family reunion right down the road. If you are looking for the Ritz, keep looking. If you are looking for nice accommodations and a friendly, family owned place that is clean, well located and moderately priced in a beautiful area of the North Fork of Long Island, then this may... More
	Staff was very friendly, but fan in the bathroom didn't work and the beds were very firm. Perkin's breakfast vouchers were a nice added bonus!
	Every thing was good. Could use a bit of a facelift but not critical. Pool looked nice but did not have time to use.
	Just traveling through and needed a place to sleep. We could not have found a better place. Wonderful staff, what was left. Due to Memorial Weekend they have the housekeeping staff off on that Monday! What a great gesture! Clean, comfortable bed, nice pool and connected to Perkins where received a complementary breakfast. The only negative was we could hear other guest talking when we were in the bathroom and other noises from our room. Easy on and off I 94. 10 day road trip and this was one of the best.
	Bad: Had some trouble regulating the water temperature in the shower. Good: The use of space was excellent and the room and the bed very comfortable.
	We needed an overnight stop for our travels from Minnesota to Illinois. This hotel worked out great. Very clean and comfortable. Slept well. Breakfast vouchers for attached Perkins restaurant were great!
	every was pleasent and helpful. clean room, the door could of used a some oil really noisy
	Seems like an older hotel but clean and comfortable with good service. The one thing that threw us off was that we were expecting the usual breakfast buffet but instead received vouchers for a specific breakfast or 5 off any menu item at Perkins next door. The kids got anything off the kids' menu for free. It was a good deal but disconcerting.
	every was pleasent and helpful. clean room, the door could of used a some oil really noisy
	The staff is extremely friendly and always great weary travelers with a smile. The check in process is seamless. Ken and Annie in Guest Services are personable and attentive to a traveler's needs. One of my favorite places to stay
	Our family returned to Santa Fe this last week for a summer visit. We were happy to be treated again with the same warm hospitality as our previous visits to the Pecos Trail Inn. Our room was always extremely clean. It was comfortable and cozy and the decor is perfect!
	We stopped here without a reservation on our way to Myrtle Beach. The room was clean and comfortable with 2 queen beds and easy access on the first floor. This hotel is right off the highway and close to some decent restaurants. When we arrived they had a cooler full of lemon ice water and fresh popcorn. The breakfast was... More
	From the moment we walked in we were treated like royalty! Every.Single.Time we came back from whatever we were doing,we were greater with hello and how are you!!! Beds were comfy,pillows were too. Rooms were spacious. If I had one complaint it would be that the air conditioning blew right on to the queen bed closest to it. My husband fixed that by sitting a chair directly in front of it.We did not eat breakfast there but I'd recommend another hour onto that 9:00 cutoff ) Hotel is close to EVERYTHING.We stayed here and drove the 25 miles to mammoth cave and it was well worth it. You sure can't beat the 77 dollars a night for the service and cleanness of this hotel. Thanks so much Bay Mont of Bowling Green for making the last half of our mini Vaca awesome!
	I know this is an old building. The rooms are not sound proof. I heard very clearly the conversation the mother was having with her children in the next room. The shower did not get hot, warm enough, but not hot.
	Room smelled musty, carpets and bedding had a sticky feel. Pool out of order. Keep driving and don't stop here.
	Good: Courteous and helpful staff! Excellent location. Close to prudential and shopping. Highly recommend
	I was directed to the rear entrance but was unable to use the key card to open the door. This was evidently true for everyone as I heard loud banging on the door until I checked out. Also awakened by loud talking in the hall and barking dogs in the morning. Room was clean and nicely furnished but cheap, only... More
	Good, nice pool has fridge, laundry Good
	I chose the hotel for the indoor pool. The indoor pool was closed. I got a non-smoking room. The room smelled of smoke, as did my clothes, later.
	The hotel is in a good convenient area. It was clean. I made a reservation for 2 nights and they neglected to tell me that the check out time was 11am. I decided to check out before the next day after 11 and the lady at the front desk was very rude and said that "SHE TOLD ME" the check out time. I explained to her that she did not tell me the check out time and she would not refund my bill for the 2nd day.
	The manager did everything to make our stay as easy as possible. Very accommodating!! Breakfast was great like at all the other ones we stayed in, the room was a great size and set up for our family. I would highly recommend!
	Front desk very helpful,clean and good breakfast very easy to find just off I 95 Walking distance to restaurant and civic center Room was just what we needed after a long day of driving down I95 Very nice area in SC
	This was the last stop on our marathon trip home from South Florida. Check in was a breeze and there were plentiful luggage carts to bring in our belongings. Staff suggested a parking location that made unloading a breeze. Room was clean and spacious and breakfast was fully stocked by the two cheerful staff members who were present. Pool and... More
	If you stay at Holiday Inn Express locations regularly you will be happy to find this property to be one of the good ones. Nothing about it feels overdue for updating or replacing. My pregnant wife enjoyed using the pool after 8 hours of driving. We usually stay with Holiday Inn and occasionally are disappointed to find a poorly kept... More
	Staff were very friendly and professional at check in. Rooms were clean, spacious and ready when we arrived. The area has some great places to eat and a very nice movie theatre next door. When getting ready the next morning I did have problems with the hair dryer. It was not attached properly to the wall. I reported it to... More
	I booked a convention at the last minute and found the ALOFT incredibly affordable, almost 90 dollars less than the Hyatt and the Westin. This is a new hotel and is in impeccable condition. The room is large with an large shower and bath area, large desk for work . The staff was incredibly nice and inviting , The ALOFT... More
	We had no choice but to stay here when a tornado hit the area and most of Vineland was without power. They charged us 190 for one night, wouldn't accept my AAA card and after leaving, we found out, we had been charged for 4 cats (which we don't own) and for another person. It was only my husband and... More
	Bad: Breakfast was missing protein. Only bagels and donuts. Good: Location! Location! Location!
	Excellent hospitality from check in to check out. Great value. Price includes drinks and light supper which was very child friendly and hot/cold breakfast that will bring us back
	The Holiday Inn in Butte is a great new addition to the City. It's beautiful and brand new. The hotel is right off of the interestate and is close to nearly everything in town. I was impressed with the breakfast the hotel offers. It had more than the usual selection of breakfast foods. There wasn't much for vegan and vegetarian... More
	This was our second stay at this motel, our other one being the previous October. On this trip we stayed here on October 20th and again on our trip home on November 3rd. While I can agree with some previous comments about the upgrade as far as the comfort of the bed, the fourth floor renovations resulted in downsizing of... More
	This was our first time staying at a LaQuinta and it won't be our last. We travel across the United States twice a year from Florida to BC, Canada and we will be staying at LaQuinta more. They are pet friendly, have nice clean rooms, the staff is wonderful and the breakfast is Great.
	Thank you Kayla, Clay, Amyjo and Christina for always taking care of my needs. Hotel is the tops in Butte. Thank you for always having clean amenities. The bedroom is very clean, the bed is very comfortable. Great views of the mountains and the town from the rooms. I will be visiting again thanks to you
	Clean, newly remodeled hotel. Quiet rooms, and a helpful staff. Breakfast was decent as far as hotel breakfasts go, and internet speed was better than average for a hotel as well. If you have to spend two weeks in a hotel, There are worse places to do so.
	we were on our way home and had a long day on the road and decided to stay in butte rather than go on to Bozeman. this hotel is a little out of the way and a little tricky to get to even though you can plainly see it from the highway. the room dcor was more than a bit... More
	We were very please with the La Quinta Butte, MT. The physical accommodations were very good, the bed was very comfortable, and the service was good. The only problem was a lack of internet WI-FI, due to a glitch in the equipment. We travel this route on a regular basis, and we will definitely stay here again.
	We loved this hotel, it was a little further away from the hustle and bustle of the quarter which was perfect for us. We was in town for the football game so it was right in our budget for a quick overnight stay. The hotel was clean, beds were comfy, and everyone was super polite.
	My hubby and I first stopped here on July 28 and this is our 3rd time back since. We love the bloody Mary's and the food has been great every time. They have just recently started to serve breakfast and it was very good. We will be back... Obviously.
	Bad: The breakfast was minimal. The rooms were tiny. There wasn't a workout room. Good: The room location was at the back of the hotel and quiet.
	Hubby and I stopped for lunch on a Saturday. Clean with friendly servers. Very cool bar and atmosphere. People in and out while we were there getting food to go. Simple menu with something for everyone. I had a Rachel and hubby had roast beef sandwich. We also ordered a basket of fries. Real turkey breast on Rachel and bread... More
	This was a great stopover on our way to LA. Helpful staff. Rooms were very nice. Great for family travel. Lancaster was a bit out of the way but it worked fine for a late night and early morning. I was traveling with 3 teens so the two room suite with 2 queen beds really helped. Comfy beds, nice kitchenette.... More
	the staff was very friendly, but the room smelled musty and the carpet felt dirty.
	The guest service informed me that my service dog would not be able to stay in the handicap accessible room with me. He offered me a pet friendly room, but it was not accessible. (I use a wheelchair so this was an unreasonable option!) He finally contacted a supervisor, who ok'd staying in the accessible room with my dog. Upon entering the room, the room was very tight. It was nearly impossible to maneuver past the bed. As a matter of fact, I didn't. In the bathroom, the toilet sat on the middle of the wall, nothing as far as grab bars. For a customer with balance issues, this makes it hard to toilet independently. It was frustrating that the room is considered to be accessible! I would be happy to consult with you to ensure that rooms are made accessible!
	We stayed in a newly renovated room. It was very clean and very comfortable. WiFi was free. There was an onsite computer for guest use. Breakfast was adequate. Coffee was good. The hotel, considering the room rate and proximity to ammenities, and cleanliness, it cannot be beat.
	Very close to the Soco District and St Edward's University which was convenient since we were there to visit the school. Looks brand new. Rooms were spacious and super clean.
	This hotel was great overall--clean, decent sized rooms, and good breakfast. However, the only problem was that I was told when I booked it that it had a free shuttle. We were counting on using this to get to and from ACL. There was no shuttle, so this added some extra cost and planning. I would stay here again.
	Went to the Memorial Day Celebration at the Texas State Cemetery like we do every year!! Close, with a Huge Room and Great Staff, KK Donuts in the Hotel Parking Lot, Good Pool and Great Breakfast as Well!
	No cable, no hot water. Reported to staff/manager He said all of Albert Lea didn't have cable, and hot water always works...you just need to pull really hard on the faucet (which I did). No apologies, just stated we already offer the lowest price rate, and I can't do anything about it I thought I would take a chance since I was there for 1 night after reading reviews. My advice DON'T DO IT!! After a long hard day of work, a hot shower and cable is not expecting too much.
	We were the only people staying that night. Across the road the hotel had many guests for that night...tells you something, does it not. Also our room had a noisy fan and the heat was hard to control
	Bad: Rooms were pretty small, definitely not suited for a family but great for a couple. Good: Great location, Comfortable rooms, breakfast was good (beagles, cream cheese, donuts and coffee.)
	The hotel smelled funny, there was no elevator, there was no bar or chain on the door and it was hard to lock. The beds are on metal boxes. Every time you moved you sounded like an old metal desk.
	This hotel did not meet my expectations. The room was sparsely furnished and not clean. There was a bunch of hair behind the bathroom door where staff had not cleaned the bathroom properly. The bed squeaked with every move and it was the only piece of furniture to sit on. The ceiling above us squeaked as well. No desk, no chair, no in-room coffee service, and no place to sit and relax outside. The entry door keypad was completely busted and the parking lot was deteriorating badly. Other chains have provided us far more comfort at the same price.
	Don't expect anything other than a fairly decent place to sleep. When we checked in, the two coffee pots were empty. We asked for another pillow and were told one would be sent to the room. We never got it. There is no tissue (Kleenex) and don't expect complimentary shampoo and conditioner. In the morning when we checked out, the coffee pots were still empty. Having said all that, the room was clean and bed was pretty comfortable. Bathroom was clean and shower was hot so if that's what you are looking for, you will be satisfied.
	Needed a quiet place to spend the night during a cross country trip. This was in a quiet location and there was no noise heard from adjoining rooms. Wifi worked well and I got a good nights sleep. This is all I look for in a hotel. Would stay there again.
	We visited Uno's this past winter. The atmosphere is great, the servers were cutious and very nice people, and the pizza was killer. The manager came out and asked us how we were, this is always a good sign of a well ran restaurant. The waitress took very good care of us, and yes at the time there was not alot of business due to snowfall that day, she did stop to have a conversation with us. The food was excellant, very well garnished and flaverfull, and I can not remember having deep ...view moredish pizza that great! Uno's is one of the best restaurants Peoria, Il has to offer.view less
	Decided to stay at this hotel for convenience of walking to Cat Visitors Center and to the riverfront. My first thought when I walked into the front desk area was that this hotel appears to be a nice quit place to relax. Received a little attitude from the front desk person when checking into the hotel when I asked a... More
	I stayed at the Mark Twain last week for business and was impressed. The front desk was friendly and helpful. The drink and breakfast coupons were awesome. Breakfast was hot and delicious. There were buffet offerings as well as made to order waffles and omlets. The bar tenders were very accommodating. The rooms were clean and well decorated. Close to... More
	This hotel has a historic, mixed with modern ambiance. It's a few blocks from the Illinois River with restaurants and the Spirit of Peoria riverboat. The staff was so nice and breakfast was wonderful. The bar had great entertainment too......,....................
	First time staying at a Red Roof Inn. I will definitely be looking for them in the future. The staff was great, especially Lynnae. They were very accommodating. My room was clean and comfortable. I travel extensively for work and I got a good room at a great price.
	The rooms are nice. A bit noisy with the train but didn't bother us. Breakfast is not even worth mentioning. Our biggest issue was that I called a week ahead to make sure the pool would be open which was the only reason we picked this hotel and was told yes it would be opened. We got there and went... More
	Bad: Breakfast pretty modest but I could leave with that!. Good: Excellent location next to attractions, commercial area, everything. Friendly and helpful staff. The room was not big but well equipped. Good price for Boston which is an expensive city.
	No frills room, clean. Not high priced. The real seller for us was the hot dinner with free drinks. Then a hot breakfast also free. Food was good especially for dinner. We would definitely stay here again.
	Everything went as planned. Nice free breakfast. The free WiFi was a bit slow, the TV/Cable had some quirks but was manageable (no HD). The pool was bath temperature (Very Warm!). Shower had nice pressure, and the beds were firm but not hard. We had a problem one night with the lock on the bathroom door and the folks at the front desk were helpful.
	My return stay here was as good as the first and still better than the other main hotel in town. Solid customer service with clean, comforatble, and quiet rooms is what I look for while on the road and I found it here again here. The value is also spot on. Despite the ongoing stucco and paint work outside, it... More
	We stayed here end of July 2015. We picked the room here because it was central to some places we were going on vacation. I don't know why this was rated at a 2!! If you want a 5 star hotel then book a five star hotel! Hotel was very clean and updated. Free breakfast was excellent. Pool was nice. Room was great. Only downside was beds weren't the greatest. Hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. Can't beat the price and get all that anywhere else. Was a small hotel which was fine for us. Made it that much more homey. Would definatly recommend staying here.
	We stayed one night after a full day of touring and driving. The staff were friendly and the room was clean - though a bit dated and in need of some service (a lamp was burned out). The breakfast was very tasty and the fella who was stocking was very attentive and helpful. Overall, a good stay.
	This is an upscale, modern hotel with the camaraderie of a hostel. The huge lobby has a giant fireplace, a billiards table, and a full bar, where guests were hanging out and socializing. Our room was attractive but smallish. The only hassle was that they charged for the breakfast on a per-item basis, which was mediocre quality and expensive. However,... More
	This hotel is super!!The staff is friendly, and very competent. The room was spacious, and clean, and the bed comfortable. The location is good, and there is a restaurant around the corner. Very quiet.
	Stayed there just for a weekend trip for a wedding and was pleasantly surprised by how nice the hotel was for the price! The breakfast in the morning was good for a hotel and for being included with plenty of options to choose from. The rooms were very clean, the beds comfortable. All in all, I would definitely stay here... More
	We checked in on April 29-30 2016 and were looking to enjoy a free breakfast as listed on the website for this property. To our dismay, it was not included and does not even offer free coffee in the lounge. My wife was told it is in your room! We stayed at the Fairfield Inn in Matthews, NC two days... More
	It was great. I was just a little disappointed that the local channels would not come through on the tv. I was told a maintenance technician would be up to assist and no one ever showed.
	Bad: Very expensive hotel relative to services eg Breakfast is repetitive and very weighted to carbohydrates. No skimmed milk, only half and half. Lounge area a little jaded, perhaps Remember to add in the tax etc as this significantly adds to the cost of the hotel. Good: The location is central to a range of must-see sights
	You get what you pay for. The staff was terrific. The rooms need updating. Carpet was a bit worn. The breakfast was so so. Overall the place was clean and a bargain for the price. We would stay there again if in the area.
	On my way out east, the perfect distance to travel for the day. Brought my bicycle into the room overnight after I drove over to the Rock River and road the trail there for a few miles. Fast/easy breakfast items coffee in the morning.
	So glad i got the splash and stay package. Had a great time at magic waters.One lady on 3rd shift was AWESOME. The lady that checked us in seemed like she didn't know much about the hotel or anything in the area. Rooms where OK, bed and pillows sucked. something could be done to the room to make it feel... More
	We have driven by this property several times on our way to and from the Gulf Coast...even watched it get built. We were coming back from FloraBama with our 3 year old granddaughter and decided to splurge a little and take advantage of this Hotel and it's indoor/outdoor pool. Everything about this place was 1st class...good check-in with Toni, nice... More
	Drury Plaza Hotel in Franklin, TN provides you with everything you need for a stay away from home. It's comfortable, clean and cozy in the rooms and suites. All the wonderful extras including the food and friendly staff make it possible to stay in your entire stay if you choose to. It's everything you need and more.
	I travel alot on business and go back to the same places often and have a hotel that I think is good so stick with it. Well this time I went on trip advisor first, so this hotel was 1 and decided to give it a try. What can i say but it was a totally different experience. The hotel... More
	Staff does a very nice job. The second location I have stayed at and both experiences have been great. Close to downtown Franklin, 20 minutes to downtown Nashville. Very quiet and comfortable. Our stay at their location in Findlay, Ohio was equal to this.
	Can't say enough about our stay at this Drury. It was in a very convenient location to local attractions, shopping, and restaurants (one attached to the hotel). The staff was helpful and cheerful and the place was spotless. Very happy to see this chain expanding to new areas of the country.
	This hotel is great! The amenities are really nice. The bathrooms are nice, and have the best showers of any hotel I have ever stayed at. I'll certainly stay here again. All the staff is fantastic. Teri and Charlie during Kickback are especially fantastic and help to make your stay fun.
	While this is a very nice hotel I can't say that it is better than others in the area charging a lower price. Considering how much they charge you'd think they at least would offer a continental breakfast. Breakfast here is 10Thank you for your feedback, we do offer a Hilton Honors program,you are awarded points for each stay that offers great perks throughout the year, please consider signing up.
	Bad: Room is on the small side. I was on one of the back rooms. There are no views and other buildings can see inside your room since windows are high. Breakfast is not attended and no hot option. Very narrow corridors. Good: The decor of the room is very modern and pleasing with sound equipment for those that want to listen to music with speakers on the wall. Floor of shower is non-slippery. Decor of the bathroom is also very nice. Location is outstanding with Copley subway station accross the street as well as bus stop. Restuarants and shops in Newbury Street one block away. Bagels and donuts in breakfast were fresh.
	One window, opens to walkway, no cross ventilation. It's convenient and that's about it. Free breakfast, free snoring nose strips!
	This place is old and dated. The bed was really uncomfortable. They put a thick pad on top of the mattress I guess to make it better. Instead it just gets wadded up when you sleep. The coverlet on to of the bed was worn and pilled and you don't even want to sit on it. The room had an odd smell. The breakfast buffet was pitiful. I'm so glad we only had to spend one night here.
	You get what you pay for. The rooms were old and beat up. I slept all of 2 hours the whole night as I felt like there were bugs crawling on me in the bed. I couldn't wait to get out of there. Breakfast was....a joke. Spend the extra and stay at a better hotel.
	We spent several days here as a rest stop on a long bicycle tour. The person at the desk was very helpful. We were checked in well before the standard check-in time. The room is spacious, well arranged, and comfortable. Breakfast is tasty. Cookies at 7pm. Convenient walk to great restaurants and wine tasting rooms. Clean room and great air... More
	For its price point, Best Western Walla Walla is really pretty awesome. It's a short walk to downtown, the rooms have an upscale decor and are very comfortable and clean, the beds are excellent, the front desk is helpful, and the free breakfast is not bad at all (decent selection by current standards -- which are admittedly not very high... More
	Park right in front of your door! Rooms have flat screen, wifi, micro, fridge. However, no coffeemaker. A little on the high side compared to similar places we've stayed, but still reasonable. No ice machine either.
	The motel is poorly managed and maintained. The smoking rooms reek of smoke and the non-smoking rooms are not much better. Expectation for a motel are naturally low, and this fits below average for a motel. The management was disappointing at best. Not worth your money or time.
	What I Expected
	The sink kept backing up. The bathtub leaked. There were gnats flying around i think because of the clogged drain. The air I on 60 degrees and it never got cold in the room before it would cut off for very long periods of time. Went in the pool night before we left broke out the next day all over. Jacuzzi was nice. room 118 beware
	The only complaint that I have was that you couldn't close the thicker curtain so no light came through .. We had a post light from outside shine through our window all night making it hard to sleep
	Bad: noisy room heater/AC unit. Good: location, small comfortable room.
	Stayed at this property to avoid staying in New Jersey. Very pleased with the property, about 5 miles off I 95, but there are two good places to eat within walking distance. Very clean property, with three floors, elevator, pool, hot tub. Rooms are spacious and clean, furniture is modern. Very quiet, staff was very pleasant and helpful, breakfast area... More
	I have spent many visits at this hotel..The staff is very friendly and helpful.. The rooms are spacious and always clean..I always feel welcome there.. I am greeted like a friend.. All remember me, even housekeeping..The breakfast is always hot and ready for anyone .. there is always someone at the front desk for your every need..I will return anytime... More
	I was extremely disappointed in the customer service I received from the wait staff for breakfast, it was the managers wife which is even worse, she was very rude and nasty, it was the way that she told us that we had to have shoes on our feet to be in the breakfast area which it was not posted anywhere,... More
	If it wasn't for the carpets, this would have been a decent place to stay carpets are chemically sprayed on and it adds an irritating smell to the room-watch out for people with respiratory issues. Otherwise, staff was helpful and friendly. Location is not that great, but it's an ok stop on the road with some restaurants within walking distance
	As with many of my other reviews my love of the best western chain was once again confirmed with this property. The staff was welcoming and friendly, and the property and rooms were very clean throughout. These things make a huge difference anytime you travel but especially when you travel for weeks at a time. This Hotel and it's staff... More
	This is the place to stay if you are participating in an event at the Kirkwood Soccer Complex. It is the closest hotel. More importantly it is a very nice hotel and the service can't be beat. I had a soccer team from the Olympic Develoment Program spend the weekend there early March, they were very accommodating very helpful and... More
	The stay was wonderful. Rooms were clean and front desk was very peasant. Good rooms and friendly service. Housekeeping was wonderful. Ms.Dawn was one nice lady. when I told her another girl didn't bring any towels and was over two hours ago. she didn't hesitate to bring us some. When she cleaned the room she never forgot anything. PERFECT. The... More
	We stayed 3 nights. Our first night was awful, the bed was very uncomfortable. My husband asked if we could be moved into another room the next day, we knew they were fully booked, and the front desk man told us all the beds are the same and they never got complaints about the beds. VERY RUDE. Well the next... More
	The first night I stayed here it was on a Thursday night. The rate was around 166.00. If I would had stayed Friday night also the rate would had been 216.00. This hotel is only about a 100.00 per night hotel. It just wasn't worth that kind of money for the quality. The front desk staff was very nice and... More
	This property definitely needs renovation. Dirty floors, minimal cable TV, no amenities other than free WiFi (worked fine) and free parking. Everything has been used well (which is not a positive statement). Dirt in corners of room and windows.
	Good: Great location. Friendly, helpful staff. Good breakfast, nice to have a lounge to sit and read the newspapers provided. Stored luggage until we were ready to leave. Would stay again.
	This hotel is extremely reasonable, well located and very recently remodeled. You certainly wouldn't expect the updated look in a place this modest. It is well worth the money to stay here. My husband and I stayed just one night but would not hesitate to stay here again when we need a place in this location. Save money by staying... More
	My friend and I stayed at Orange City Motel while vacationing in Florida. Staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful, especially with giving us directions to various attractions. The room was clean and comfortable. Blue Springs State Park is about fifteen minutes away and the main highway is also close. I recomend this hotel.
	We spent 4 glorious days at this resort in Deland, for a family reunion. We had booked eight rooms, one of which fronted the river. From our first introduction to Gary and Tammy, we knew we had picked a great spot. They were very friendly and accommodating to our requests. They went out of their way to insure everything was... More
	My fiance I went to visit friends living year round at Riviera Resort Marina. We stayed 3 nights in room 113. The room was everything we needed plus more. Two beds and a full kitchen for a really great price. We even had a partial water view. We fished the St. Johns River Lake Beresford and caught... More
	This hotel is a great place for a relaxing family getaway. Just steps away from the soft sand beach. The pool is great. The staff are professional and friendly. I am particular about cleanliness and service but found this hotel satisfying in all areas.
	Where do I Start!!! :) We had the most amazing stay at this beautiful property. We arrived Dec 3rd and were greeted by the awesome frontdesk staff. I had stayed at this property a year ago and loved it so much that I decided to bring my girlfriend with me on this trip for some relaxation. We were upgraded to... More
	This morning I called to inquire about the availability for a five night stay wanting to give this property another chance from a previous unpleasant experience. A couple of months ago, I called to inquire about a stay and had experienced poor customer service. At that time, I wrote it off as perhaps the representative was having a bad day.... More
	This hotel was probably the cleanest I've ever seen. Not only lobby, but pictures in room were dusted and clean! Every staff encountered was friendly and spoke. Only ate breakfast in the restaurant, but everything was great. Definitely will be returning during warmer weather!
	I spend a lot of my life in hotels and I can say I hardly ever review them. The service at this location, is so great though it is hard to not say anything. We recently had our meeting at this location and they took great care of us. Ivana made the rental process easy and painless. Then there was... More
	OH MY! We had no idea what to expect, but when we arrived, we were BLOWN away. Staff goes out of their way to be friendly. Martisha at the front desk made a first impression that never wavered. The food from the grill by the pool was DELICIOUS! The beds were comfortable. Rooms were quiet at night. This quickly became... More
	Bad: I didn't see that there was breakfast available at the hotel. Good: Location was amazing!!!! Room was a little tight for two but very nice
	We have gone scalloping with Capt Russ for the past four summers. It is truly one of our favorite activities. We always get our scallop limit. Russ is so helpful, knowledgeable and relaxed that we all can't wait to see him. We have sent many groups his way and everyone feels the same. Scalloping with native sun tours is a... More
	Excellent small hotel, nicely decorated, our room overlooked the marina which was not busy during a cold snap. Nice harbor view. TV should be updated but gave a clear picture. Room was large, clean and quiet. A nice refuge from the big hotels now under construction every where in Clearwater. Front desk was welcoming and ready to help.
	Birthday's, Anniversaries, Guys weekends and family visits all have been celebrated at the Chart House. It all started with my girlfriend and I first visiting there in the mid- nineties and now we take our children and our dog with us. The views are some of the best, balconies are huge and definitely used. We just loved all the boats... More
	This is a nice little hotel with a great view overlooking a small marina. Nice rooms and inexpensive. Free parking. No reception staff after 7PM but they will leave you a key to your room. A bit outside Clearwater but some nice restaurants close by. Definitely a good place to stay if you have access to a car.
	Traffic in Clearwater was frenetic getting here, but when we turn onto the street it was like a peaceful oasis. Location is fabulous. It's a quick walk to the action but lovely and serene. Room was bright and came as advertised. Check in was quick and our room was ready early which was a treat. Everyone was friendly and helpful.... More
	My husband and I love Behind the Fence! This time we stayed in the Red Shutter Room (cabin). It was a wonderful romantic weekend! The inn keepers Carolyn Larry are delightful, they made us feel right at home! The lagoon style pool is divine especially under the stars. If you're a history buff you'll love this place! Just remember... More
	I had an event to attend in Palm Beach and did not want to have to drive home late that evening. It was the perfect opportunity to stay at The Colony. Claude had taken my reservation a few weeks before. He was delightful and Victoria was just as helpful at check-in. The decor and rooms are just what one might... More
	Don't stay join the 2nd floor by the street. Way too noisy. Bathrooms are small and need exhaust fans/ Decorating looks like the 1980's florals came alive. Staff is great though and location is great if you don't have a car. Walking distance to town and beach. Beautiful area with nice restaurants
	Visited recently and had a lovely experience. Staff was friendly and location was terrific. Rooms have been recently redecorated and are really comfortable. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a spot in the middle of the town.
	We arrived on a Wed. for a 5 night stay to get together with family that lives in Florida. As soon as we arrived from NJ which was 9:00 PM that evening, we were greeted immediately when we drove up in our rental car. Valet parking with a doorman to greet us. Within minutes we were checked in and off... More
	Bad: parking. Good: BREAKFAST AND THE BAR WERE REAL NICE........BARTENDER chris ..great guy
	overall our stay was very nice and rexlaing, staff were very nice rooms were nice and clean...
	This is a very nice hotel in a small town. Very clean, new and up to date. The staff was very friendly, the place was clean and orderly. I'd stay here again without hesitation. Not much to do or eat in Mulberry, but take a 15 minute ride down the road to Lakeland and you can find anything and everything... More
	Dirty, old soap on floor of shower, real thin 2 towels, only 1/2roll TP, bed real soft lumpy, no water glass, smelled moldy, the AC Was so noisy whenever it decided to cycle would wake up Rip VanWinkle. I looked for Cheep and I got it.
	We were referred here after the Comfort Inn, which is apparently owned by the same family, recommended it when they were unable to renew our room there because they were sold out. They said the interiors (not the exteriors) were newly renovated, and that seems to be the case. Our room, which is the one pictured on their site (201)... More
	The staff are very helpful and friendly and the rooms, large, clean and well appointed. We had nice linens too. Breakfast was fine - muffins, bagels pastries, toast, hard boiled eggs, juices cereals etc. Very good price point. We have stayed in too many Red Roof hotels to mention and this one definitely ranks as one of the best ones... More
	Bed was way to soft.
	We stayed here one night, because it was the end of our family vacation, and we ended up staying too late to leave/drive home. So we got this place cause it was cheapest in the area, and ended up being almost better than the room we had just stayed in for a week. The beds and pillows were so nice and fluffy, the floors were new and nice not dirty. There was a micro, fridge, and coffemaker. The tv was a flat screen. The bathroom was newly redone and very nice. Was happy i didn't have to be scared.
	Me and my husband decided to get away for a weekend and found this hotel online. It had everything we needed plus a mini-fridge and an lcd tv. The room was clean and comfortable. A very delightful stay. :)
	I needed a room for a couple of hours to prep for an event. I called the night before and was told that I could check in any time. What wasn't said was that I could check in IF there was a room available. When I showed up at 10am I was told that no one had checked out yet.... More
